===== 帖子内容 =====

--- 帖子 #1 ---
To all of those still interested in exploring ES Traders great method of using Relative Strength of Currencies:

With all due respect to ES Trader, I would like to invite all those who have contributed to this method and those who have a continuing interest in its evolution to continue to explore.

I am by no means an expert in Forex but continue to study and learn daily. Recently a thread was started here at FF by Beach Bum located here: http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=109599 which has some great postings by Pipsqueak on post #14, 39,41, 46 & ForexHarry #42, 43, 81. There are also some good discussions by Capitalist 88.

Let's continue to learn as this method is, according to the Professionals, the closest we will come to becoming successful Retail Traders.

Here is the link to the original thread by ES Trader:  http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=113181

Here is an additional link with a different variation of this method, by Kang_Gun:  http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=123284

Respectfully submitted,

1Trader2

AKA Trader 1 in other forums...

--- 帖子 #2 ---
Paris,

Every trade is positive pips when I reverse!  In my last three session, all lasting less than an hour, I have achieved over $600 today!

Mitch

--- 帖子 #3 ---
Count me in!!

I think we can make this work in any market condition if we all work together.

I like the MTF ideas and think they should be explored more.

I also think that more money management techniques should be discussed.

Once again thanks to ES for opening the door for all of us and i hope he comes back.

--- 帖子 #4 ---
There have to be times when reversing is right, and it is easy to see why.

A currency could have gained strength for a few hours and be ready for a retrace. Trading in the direction of the strength will lead to dd if the price retraces, so reversing is trading into the retrace.

Spotting when the market is about to retrace would be the key to reversing. Does this call for eyeballing individual charts before placing individual trades within the basket?

Or, are we over-complicating things? Shooting for 100 pips, I haven't lost a basket trade using ES's system since finding it last week.

It is a shame that Kris threw a hissy fit and took his bat and ball home. As well as cutting off the rest of us, he also shut himself off from some seriously clever and creative minds here. I hope others will find this thread and keep the discussion going.

--- 帖子 #5 ---
hi guys,

reverse? maybe yes!

An example.

4H & 1H

Lubo

--- 帖子 #6 ---
Thats interesting mitch !! But tell us on what basis you decide whether you'll go with the signal as is, or whether you'll reverse? How would you know what to do when?

There's no way of speculating in advance before you take the trade whether trading in the suggested direction would work or whether you should reverse and trade the other way?

--- 帖子 #7 ---
Those of you who are trading live/demo IBFX mini what lot size do you use and how many lots?

Can anyone suggest a suitable SL and TP for this system? I was thinking about a 50 pip stop but that seems rather tight.

--- 帖子 #8 ---
I have been using 4hr TF to show to main trend and using 15mins TF to do entry. Tp 10 pips with no stop loss.

I only enter once for each currency shown on the 4hr TF. After 4hrs, wait for 15 mins, if the currency on the 15 mins TF flag out same direction as in the 4hr TF, trade with 10 pips TP with no SL. Check it every 15 mins until u have the same direction with the 4 hrs and trade it. Once all the currency on the 4hr has been traded once, stop trading and wait for another 4hr.

So, every 4 hr u will get 10pips * the number of currency shown. How good is that ? I am using ibfx. If this method works now (during range), it will work even better in trending.

--- 帖子 #9 ---
I have added a module to my trade manager that allows me to treat the whole basket as if it were a single trade - sl, tp, trailing stop etc. I am just not sure yet that the ts routine is accurate; I will post it here when I am.

--- 帖子 #10 ---
Is that imaginative or what? I shall try this myself.

--- 帖子 #11 ---
j84, what trade level are you using?

--- 帖子 #12 ---
real quick here is what I traded off of today.  be gone for a day or so after this.

note.  the lines on the CCFp indicator on the 30 min are pretty accurate.  If price is up they are right with it.

The daily chart is a bit of a  mess at the moment.

Close inspection shows imo this can be traded successfully.  When any trending is going on it should be fairly clear what to do.

Its early and still work to be done here but looks promising.

I find the reading of the lines in the bottom indie (CCFp.) to be of significance. Don't over look them

Attachment

--- 帖子 #13 ---
Set to level 1. I am doing testing and it has shown interesting result. Will continue to see what happens.

I think going forward, trading using multiple time frame (Higher TF for trend and lower TF for entry) is the way to go ?

Which is the best higher TF to use for tracking trend and which is the best lower TF to do entry ? I am trying out 240 mins and 15 mins. For those using 15 mins to do entry, please wait for about 2 mins for the indicator to settle down. If u have notice, 15 mins indicator make changes sometimes but only within 2 mins

--- 帖子 #14 ---
Thanks, J84.  But what are you doing with those that do not hit the 10 pip tp?  You have no sl, so when are you dumping them?

--- 帖子 #15 ---
1.00 pm gmt: I took out the basket of trades suggested by FerruFx's indi, 4H level 2.

1.25 pm, hit the basket ts and made +90. Dd hardly existed after the first few minutes.

Nice.

--- 帖子 #16 ---
I am not sure at the moment because so far from my testing, all has been hit, sometimes within mins sometimes more than an hour. They will get hit anyway from what i see. I notice that most of them will get hit within an hour and some are been negative but if u consistently trade that way, ur total profit on ur account will be positive although u are still holding some negative position.

If ur account has positive number and u don't like the looks of the negative position been hold for hours, can u just close it. U end up having postive account at the end of the day.

--- 帖子 #17 ---
Thanks for opening a new thread.  I'm sorry ES closed the old one too.

I've just started playing with reversing the trade calls.   It seems to work but it would be great to understand why it does.   This system obviouly has merits and is nice and simple.   So understanding when to take the original calls and when to reverse them would make it almost perfect.

Sandy

--- 帖子 #18 ---
It's good to see everybody back.

1Trader2

--- 帖子 #19 ---
Yes generally it takes few seconds but max very few minutes to update all pairs involved in the calculation. When all pairs have received their own first fresh tick for the new bar, the show will start!

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #20 ---
Thanks  1Trader2 to reopening this thread. I am really disappointed by the closing of the original thread. This system is great (thanks ES) and as all systems, it needs some finetunings. It isn't a reason to close the thread.

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #21 ---
I am having good success when 15,30,1hour,and 4 hour time frames are all in agreement. I also try to keep a minumum  4 level also.

--- 帖子 #22 ---
Dear FerruFx,

I love your indicators.. it's help a lot. And could you add more bar that show current level conditions ([0] compare [1] and not [1] compare [2]). So we will have two bars and all trade suggestion will execute when both bar level give us the same conditions... if not we need to wait till current bar level has same direction with previous bar levels..

Thank You,

KG

PS: sorry for my english, hope you understand what i mean...

--- 帖子 #23 ---
Not sure to understand all!

Anyway, if we compare the current [0] and the previous [1] (instead of [1] and [2]), the suggestions Buy/Sell provided will repaint each tick as the current CCFp value isn't fixed until the end of the bar.

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #24 ---
Hi J84_2, is tp 10 pips for each currency?

--- 帖子 #25 ---
I mean just leave the original as default, we just add one more bar level that show current level conditions only.

Thank You,

KG

--- 帖子 #26 ---
So we will have 2 suggestions ? 1 fixed and one repainting? It will be confusing.

I think that the indicator has to remain based on the original setting. What we must concentrate on is to find the best rules for entry/exit.

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #27 ---
Here is a link to a similar trading method.

I think this is where the CCFp indicator came from.

There are also other currency strength indicators posted here, with instructions on how to use them.

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...highlight=ccfp

--- 帖子 #28 ---
Yes. Each TP 10 pips and come back after 15 mins if u still have any currency left in 4hrs not traded according to 15 mins TF recommnaded trade.  If all is traded one time on the 4hr recommended trades, come back on the next 4hr reset

(Don't trade EURGBP, EURCHF still under observation. EURGBP move very slowly and if it go against u, will have to wait for a very long time.)

--- 帖子 #29 ---
j84_2   are you using the FerruFX indicator to get the H4 pairs?

Thanks

Sandy

--- 帖子 #30 ---
Yes, I am using FerruFX indicator with level 1 setting. Using 4hr and 15 mins TF to trade. After the start of a new 4 hr cycle, wait for 15 mins and look at the 15 mins TF, for all the currency that follow the same direction in 4hr, trade it with 10 pips TP and no SL. For those which u didn't trade, wait for new cycle of 15 mins TF and look for those not traded currency which follow the same direction as the 4hr TF and trade it with 10 pips TP and no SL.

Please note that u only trade each currency pair once. If u have traded it before, don't trade it again. Once u finish all the currency in the 4hr TF. Wait for a new cycle on the 4hr TF and start all over again. Try it and see that even though u are holding some losing position, ur account will be positive.

And don't trade when there is big news coming.

--- 帖子 #31 ---
No.. the suggestions just 1, your original. But the Bar level we add one more that show current conditions only. It will change everytime (i know), but i will help us to find the best entry time...

here is an example:

I use your indicators.. and i use CCFp indicator too that i change to measure the current level ([i] compare to [i+1])... so, i will entry base on your indicator suggestion when the CCFp (modifications) have same direction with yours.... hope it's make it clear...

(just ignore my OP Sell... )

KG

--- 帖子 #32 ---
Will see what I can do ...

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #33 ---
Luck, thats why.

If you get a signal on the H4 it could be that the currency strength/weakness is reversing in the last hour leading up to the H4 ccfp reading. The result from the previous H4 to the current closed H4 can still be higher giving you a signal to go with the currency strength but a weakening or reversal might be already be noticable on the H1 or lower TF's

So in conclusion the H1 and/or lower should be used to validate the H4 signal.

To give a reversal trade a better chance one has to make sure that the H4 signal strength is not present on the D1 and at the same time increasingly opposite signals to the H4 should be be noticed on the lower TF.

Does that make sense?

--- 帖子 #34 ---
j6 thank you.   I'm going to try this system tomorrow.  It sounds very interesting.

Sandy

--- 帖子 #35 ---
Thank you, i really appreciate it.

KG

--- 帖子 #36 ---
Here it is:

The CCFp-Diff_[v1.03_current] is EXACTLY the same except that it compare the current CCFp values with the previous CCFp values instead of the 2 previous bars.

I removed everything about the trades suggestions.

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #37 ---
Ferrufx,

Awesome work my friend.

Regards,

Jeff

--- 帖子 #38 ---
You're welcome!

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #39 ---
Very fast... thank you. I will check what we can get with this information... Hope other will do the same too...

KG

--- 帖子 #40 ---
FerruFx,

A lot of us are exploring MTF signals with your great indi.  I posted several days ago in the old thread a pic with your version v1.03 with D, H4, M60, etc down to M30 on the same chart.  The problem I mentioned then is that it's difficult to quickly compare all the pairs against the higher TFs.

Is there a way to write your indi so that like a trade level check, it also does a higher TF check -- maybe multiple higher TF checks?  So that if we set the indi to M15, trade level X, MTF 60 and/or 240, 1440, etc. it will only show trades that meet all those requirements.

Probably difficult to do, I'm sorry, but on my wish list.  Thanks.

--- 帖子 #41 ---
billbss,

Thanks for this link.  I thought one of the observations made by the originator of this thread Fxorce was worth repeating here.  You may look up the link in regards to references to the posted chart on that thread.  As follows:

CCFp is a Complex Common indicator used to establish trends. You can read more about it here: http://articles.mql4.com/422

Complex Common (CC) is used to establish cycles or triggers to enter or exit trades in the direction of the CCFp. Use CCFp to establish trend direction and then enter based on CC.

In the above image you see NZD is most overbought and USD and CHF are most oversold. Of the majors there is only one tradable FX pair; NZDUSD. Since we expect NZD to revert to the mean at the end of the day we would sell NZD. Since USD is oversold we would buy USD.

It's important to note that 90%+ of all daily candles retrace to 50% of the previous day and 90%+ of all FX positions are 1 day duration; so end of day mean reversion is one of the most accurate and low risk methods of trading FX. Also worth noting is that all currencies are related to each other, so when we make an FX trade we are; to some degree, intrinsically hedged.

Our goal when taking one of these EOD mean reversion trades is to identify a pair that has moved near it's average daily range. Then find a support/resistance level for entry. The CCFp assists us in finding the best candidate by showing us the underlying currency indices and their individual overbought or oversold valuation against all majors. EOD can occur during NY 8am, Noon, or 3pm.

One of the things this tells me is that we need to be more precise in when we enter our every 4 hour periods.  Two of these three periods noted above have provided me with the greatest rewards.  I have traded the 4PM time slot but it sounds like the 3PM would be more optimal.

1Trader2

--- 帖子 #42 ---
Here's whats been working for me. I attach FF's latest indicator to 1 hr with trade level 2. I then attach Xaron's seq 1.2 EA which is a semi-martingale (believe me I know martingale's do not work) accord to the direction of FF's indicater.

My first trade is in the direction of FF's indicator, if it goes against me and I'm -40 pips (you can set your own reverse point) the ea opens a trade going the other way and if that reverse again the ea opens one more trade going in the orginal direction.

I have it set to 3 trades only and then your out of that trade. My stop is set to -40 and my tp is set to +1000. I then attach and equitytakeprofit ea set to 50 per trade which means if FF's 1 hr indicator gives me 4 trades then I set it to +200, if I take 3 of his trades then it's set to +150.

The EA never reaches it's take profit but if the basket (let's say 4 trades) reaches +200 in equity then all trades are closed. If you open Xaron's ea you will be amazed at what you can do with it, from breakouts to timed entry and more, he has his sequence set for 24 reverses before you would lose a ton of pips.

You have to zero out all those reverses in parameters or figure out how many reverses fits your style. I usually use a 7 long sequence of .1, .15, .23, .34, .51, .77, 1.15....these #'s are set uo for 1 to 2 sl/tp, meaning if you have a 40 stop and reverse then you have an 80 tp. Xaron's is pre set to 10 reverse and 40 tp and 24 sequences long. I'm up around 2400 since Sunday night with several losses. Enough from me, if there's interest I will continue. Her's some good attachments.

--- 帖子 #43 ---
Now... everything is more clear... hehehehehe let's explore it. I use M15, H1 & H4 Current Level to find the best ENTRY... will try next bar on H4... hehehehe

KG

--- 帖子 #44 ---
I'm looking at this system and shaking my head...

The strength relies on past data so just as a example say the USD is at 3%(I know its not possible but just go with it) well that doesn't mean it can't go totally negative in strength in one day.

--- 帖子 #45 ---
j84 2,

Thank you for opening this thread.

BTW,could you shed some light on what MM you're using ?

--- 帖子 #46 ---
qz10cq,

Thank you for your strategy. I will have a try.

BTW, what is the account & lot size you use for your trades?

--- 帖子 #47 ---
Yes you are right and everyone knows that, that's why we  put out heads together to work out ways to deal with it like multible TF's etc. Any suggestion?

--- 帖子 #48 ---
RSI

Day  14

Hour 9

--- 帖子 #49 ---
Very happy to see ES Traders thread reinstituted, and many thanks to him for introducing it. Also, FreeuFx for his great indicator. For whatever it's worth, here's my current setup. I'm looking for trades that match from the 4 hour down. Looking for scalps on the one hour down. This is a trend following system. Sure, reversals will happen. But, no system is 100%. I stay out when it's choppy. I've no specific TP of SL yet. Testing different strategies. But, I like this system, and FerruFx has made it very easy to see the trend.

--- 帖子 #50 ---
Keep in mind that during a trading day there a sometimes 1 or 2 market rotation with the beginning of the different sessions. We may find that some H4 bars more prone to such changes than others. Just food for thoughts.

--- 帖子 #51 ---
FerruFx, thank you for your great indicator. is it possible to make MTF indicator? what I mean is an indicator that will show pairs when they are in agreement on 2 TF (for example : 15M and 4H). Thank you

--- 帖子 #52 ---
At 00:00 time today all 4 Time Frames matched for nzd/jpy, aud/jpy and aud/chf producing over 300 pips. When 4 TFs agree it works great.

--- 帖子 #53 ---
interesting, the H4 AUDCHF - buy and the current version is showing us that the AUD has weakend and the CHF strentghend so it would keep us out of bad trade or put this trade on hold until the current version turns around again. Put up the H1 chart and you see why.

--- 帖子 #54 ---
Yes it is possible but it's another big challenge and I don't have right now a lot of time. My clients are crying !!!

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #55 ---
cjd, what time frame did you use?

--- 帖子 #56 ---
hmm, ur idea looks good. I will check every 15 mins and for those currency with 4 TF agree  I will trade with 10 pips TP with no SL. With 4 TF agree, I think it will increase the chance of getting TP hit faster. With 4 TF agree + low TP (10 pips) + No SL , will I be able to obtain very high hit rate ? If i get very high hit rate, it means that for every currency be able to get 10 pips and even if there is one which doesn't hit TP and have big negative pips, the other high hit rate currency will cover that.

Of course this will fail if all currency disagree with the 4 TF recommendation and all currency don't even want to raise just 10 pips.

--- 帖子 #57 ---
Which TFs and which level?

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #58 ---
I think level 1 is the original system.

Level 1 all, 15,30,60,240

If a currency agree on those 4 TF, flag it out Bigger than other front or even change it to deeper colour (Dark green OR dark red). If a currency agree on 4 TF with TP 10 pips no SL, an EA can be easily made to trade on this simple condition and test the hit rate automatically. If there is very high hit rate, this could be a very good system because we are not only trading 1 currency.

--- 帖子 #59 ---
Jack2000  I am using 4 hour time frame. I have 4 FerruFx indicators on my chart at same time with 15min,30min,1hour and 4 hour.

--- 帖子 #60 ---
That's whta we need with need with the current version...

KG

--- 帖子 #61 ---
What u guys think about gold today? Many thanks If chart is given...

--- 帖子 #62 ---
Off topic. Our system can't be applied on Gold.

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #63 ---
AUD , NZD , CAD are quite related to gold. They are consider commodity currency. Anyway, out of topic.

--- 帖子 #64 ---
gentlemen,

your help is highly appreciated,

how can i setup my chart so that i can see the 4 CCfp

Would appreciate it if some one provide me with the correct Indicators ( CCfp)

Thanks a lot

--- 帖子 #65 ---
Thanks FeruFX for your kindness ....

--- 帖子 #66 ---
cjd can u elaborate which 4TF's you're referring to.

......oops found the answer, I really should read all the posts in order

--- 帖子 #67 ---
I am hapy that the thred part 2 has to come to life because there is lot

of potential n the method

For the last two days  I have brought two more indicators from the CCF

family and has given good result along with CCF Diif indicator

I will try to explain the new indicator as it progress

Has made +200 pip alng with thenew indicator and also I will share my

observation

I want this thread to go in great hights and figure out I best we can be in the ranging market also

--- 帖子 #68 ---
Screen shot of the latest trade

--- 帖子 #69 ---
Here's another suggestion that used to work great for the Ozfx system, the system had a 100 pip SL but if you were out about -60 pips there was very little chance of your trade turning around so at this point if you exited the trade and went the opposite way there was a high probability you'd make a profit or at the very least make up for your loss and breakeven.

The problem of using a fixed SL with this system is that its very hard to come up with a common fixed pip stop value, there are so many currency pairs and some are more volatile than others, oftentimes I've noticed you're out by more than 60-70 pips a certain pair and then it turns around and goes your way. If you use a fixed SL I think you should select your pairs judiciously.

Another alternative would perhaps be to use a fixed time stop, say two hours after the 4hr candle. ...... if after two hours the trade hasn't gone your way get out and reverse irrespective of the number of pips you've lost. This is based on the assumption that when trading the 4h time frame the trade hasn't gone your way for the first two hours its unlikely to do so for the next two hours so it might be a good idea to reverse.

Any thoughts on this?

--- 帖子 #70 ---
I'm using 3000 and .1, .15, .23 for lots. I just closed my 1 hr trades manually this morning (est) with a -75 because my daily trades (4) closed with a +200 for a net of +125. You guys looking at MTF should open this signal bars indicators which in parameters can be toggled to give info back to monthly.

Here's a couple more indicators from the Steinz thread (year ago) which was all about MTF that will go back to monthly also. Maybe these along with FF's can be used.

--- 帖子 #71 ---
Signing up---if you'll have me. I feel a bit like Cassandra.

Lenoxer

--- 帖子 #72 ---
Hello all,

This is my first post in this forum. I am a 62 year old trader... trading stocks and options for about 15 years untill 2004 and switched completely to forex in 2005......

I have been awaiting admittance for a couple of days and noticed today that I may go ahead.

Having followed this thread and the previous one right from the beginning..... I'm glad to see that there still is enough enthusiasm here to continue and finetune.

I agree with FerruFX that this is what has to be done. Somewhere this weekend ...... when trading has stopped..... I'll contribute my view on entry and exit for this system.... for actually you can do this trick (only?)much safer when right at the beginning of a starting trend......

We have seen enough evidence that in a choppy or sideways market losses are cumulative and huge.... which even made some people believe that reversing sells and buys would be the solution......

qz10cq.......In the meantime I'd love to have a glance at your ways trading this system...... Would you be so kind providing us a screenshot and template and the other stuff that is needed to set it all up the right way?

THX. John

--- 帖子 #73 ---
Brilliant John. We will value your insight and experience.

--- 帖子 #74 ---
Hi John, I'm a senior citizen myself (61).  Never figured out how to attach screen shots but would walk you thru any questions you have.  The heart of this system is seq.1.2 ea and the equitytakeprofit ea which I've been playing with for the last 6 months trying to get the right system, FF's indicator along with trenchaser psar has been a good trigger for me lately but lets see what happens in a month.  I will continue to update everyone here but there dosen't seem to be much interest so lets not clog up this thread.  Just pm me and I'll answer anything I can.

I just pm'd Xaron, Trenchaser and Ronald Raygun about this thread.  These are some key people and along with FerruFx the talent would be here.  There are a ton of great minds here already.

--- 帖子 #75 ---
This kind of sums up what FF's indicators are doinf for us.  This is from http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=109599

The easiest way to see the composition of a cross currency is to observe the underlying currencies. If you opened three charts side by side on your screen, say the GBPUSD, USDCHF and the cross GBPCHF, and made them bold, large candlesticks on the 1 MINUTE chart, you can observe the tick by tick nature of the moves. The cross currency pair is nothing except the relationship of the strength between the underlying two pairs. Basically, the cross is nothing more than an algorithm of the relationship between the underlying pairs. The cross does not move on it's own accord, as in a standard supply and demand relationship (like contracts in the Futures markets traded on an exchange). Rather it moves in a dance in step with the underlying currencies.

There are 9 possibilities of correlation (in the Strength-Weakness relationship), but before I list them, I must state that an understanding of the BASE currency (the FIRST pair listed in a currency combination) and the DIRECTION of the candles is an absolute MUST to understand strength and weakness. Strength is occurring in the BASE currency and is demonstrated by a candle moving UP. The opposite is true, as well, going down. This can cause some confusion when one sees the USD getting stronger against one currency and at the same time get weaker against the other (this is what happens when the GBPUSD moves more than say, the USDCHF. When the USD gets equally stronger against both the GBP and the CHF at the same time, the GBPCHF stays FLAT. It can be a bit confusing to fully grasp this when trading strength and weakness, but like anything, practice sharpens the skill. Taking 30 full minutes of fully observing this at a busy time in the market, will make the relationship with the cross clear. I's a good exercise for newer cross traders.

Example: GBPUSD candles moving up STRONG and USDCHF candles moving UP STRONG = GBPCHF moving up STRONG (Actually this means that the USD is getting weak against the GBP and at the same time the USD is getting strong against the CHF) Interpret: Candles on BOTH GBPUSD and USDCHF are moving up together strong = STRONG move up on GBPCHF (but, at almost 1.7:1 ratio!! GBPJPY doing this is almost a 2:1 ratio!)

The 9 Strength-Weakness Correlation positions:

1. GBP/USD Up and USD/CHF Up - Cross will move UP STRONG (Primary trade objective moves)

2. GBP/USD Down and USD/CHF Down - Cross will move DOWN STRONG (Primary trade objective moves)

3. GBP/USD Up and USD/CHF Down equally - Cross will REMAIN FLAT (Don’t trade these moves)

4. GBP/USD Down and USD/CHF Up equally - Cross will REMAIN FLAT (Don’t trade these moves)

5. GBP/USD Up and USD/CHF FLAT - Cross will move UP MODERATELY (Can bring decent profits)

6. GBP/USD FLAT and USD/CHF Up - Cross will move UP MODERATELY (Can bring decent profits)

7. GBP/USD Down and USD/CHF FLAT - Cross will move DOWN MODERATELY (Can bring decent profits)

8. GBP/USD FLAT and USD/CHF Down - Cross will move DOWN MODERATELY (Can bring decent profits)

9. GBP/USD FLAT and USD/CHF FLAT - Cross will remain FLAT (Market is undecided – leave alone)

Correlation trading like this is actually a type of Triangular Arbitrage, where we are exploiting the ineffieciencies of the market (completely legal and respectable) and knowing these 9 possibilities brings about a greater awareness of looking at two currencies and getting enough valid information to trade a third / cross currency.

Most people think that the crosses move on their own accord, with separate support and resistance, etc. like the underlying currencies. The crosses hit S and R when the underlying currencies do, not on their own! But it truly looks like the crosses are moving on their own accord a chart! This is the biggest understanding about crosses. If you sell this info, give me a nickle, OK?

I hope this articulates a few points of your discussion in this thread.

Keep your powder dry, Cheers!

pipsqueak4x

--- 帖子 #76 ---
Hi FerruFX - can you do me up a version of your indy that does what the CCfp indy does and put the values of currency changings in the Data Window? Having trouble with the original indy being used with an EA, so if you could output the values from your indy to the Data Window then I'll try again.

Thank you

--- 帖子 #77 ---
Hello John, welcome to  FF an to this Thread.

--- 帖子 #78 ---
Sorry I don't understand your request.

If you want make an EA, the simpliest way is to use the original CCFp. My indicator doesn't have any buffer.

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #79 ---
Oh, ok. The original indicator isn't compatible with IBFXm  and the other ones posted gives errors CCFp_v1.0.2b GBPJPYm,H4: unknown subwindow number -1 for ObjectCreate function

--- 帖子 #80 ---
If you can code an EA, you are able to mod the CCFp for IBFX. Right?

OK here's attached my personal IBFXm compatible version.

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #81 ---
Guys, chillax

Please trust me.. a crossover of a rsi vs another rsi or of a MA vs another MA isnt really going to change the market.

Cuz most big shot trades and bank look at the longterm and things that can favour them

Thats why most of these crossover craps fail...

Sorry to be harsh , just want that uall win,

Thank you,

Nimrod aka dznmrd

--- 帖子 #82 ---
Very nice observations...  It proves once more you're never to old to learn. I'll have to read this several times to grasp all the details.......

Thank you, John

--- 帖子 #83 ---
Yeah me to John....

--- 帖子 #84 ---
Yes, I did that just now and seems to be better now, just wasn't sure if the CCFp.mq4 version that I found was the same as the original ex4 that was posted.

I'm no coder but I can make my way around the code and make changes and mods to suite my needs  Coder in training  Thanks for your version

I like the command you used "sub=StringSubstr(Symbol(),6,3);"

I just changed the actual symbols - double EURUSD_Fast = ma("EURUSDm", Fa..... in my version

Going to have to test now.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #85 ---
I used the reverse method on this and I closed it with over +320 pips in less than an hour. Sorry not the best chart example but i had 9 out of 11 trades in profit. I closed it fast. Paris

--- 帖子 #86 ---
Made 2 trades in last 2 hrs on the only signal given me by FF's indicator (level 2) and made +50 on both.

--- 帖子 #87 ---
FerruFX,

First of all I agree that all your indicators here are a marvelous piece art !!!

However would it be possible to insert a true/false condition regarding the MA conditions..... I mean overrule the MA's completely and simply take the CLOSE values of both candles to obtain the of SELL and BUY advise?

Having this option would provide a more secure Multitimeframe determination for go or no go of a trade........., i.e. purely based on the CLOSE conditions of the two latest bars. Using 3 TF's (H4, H1 adn M30) I'd like to show how this adds up in order to get a better entry validity... of course regarding the trading system we are discussing here.

I understand that in fact you are doing something like this with your latest "Current Version".... Taking the previous Close and the current Close ?

THX, John

--- 帖子 #88 ---
That ranging market reverse is paying off for you.  Keeps us updated.

--- 帖子 #89 ---
I use only the Ferrufx indicator ( which is fantastic) and i set it to level zero to get the most trades. And if the market is ranging I'll trade reverse signals. So far I've made over +950 pips in 2 days with this strategy. As a matter of fact everyday trade I would've taken with the reverse method on FXDD gmt+3 I would've  profited on all 3 days before this as well. Works great! Paris

--- 帖子 #90 ---
I reversed the 8:00 4 hours signals and closed at +$200.

Then I reversed 2 of the 9 am 1hr signals (AJ and AU)  and closed at +$50.   I'm using the Ferrufx indicator.  For the 4 hour i use trade level 1 and for the 1hour i use trade level 2.

I have to say I like the 1 hours trades:  smaller # of traded signals = reduced margin and risk.

And to top it iff this is fun!!  Lol

Sandy

--- 帖子 #91 ---
as a fxdd live user i've noticed this too. this trading method is excellent in actually learning how to trade as you're gaining an understanding that each currency moves not just the cross on its own. however, on fxdd it seems to be be harder in filtering maybe due to liquidity of fxdd but reversing the signals given on fxdd seems to work out well. i've noticed that pretty much every signal i've gotten on fxdd would have be profitable as a reverse, even if it eventually goes back into my direction later in the 4h candle. even the pipnailer thread wasn't using fxdd but ibfx for signals due to differences in data. is fxdd just that bad of a broker? lol.

--- 帖子 #92 ---
I am attaching tw indicaor which can be used to cross check with chart

before entry

In cpp you have to change the currency true or flase in individual chart

--- 帖子 #93 ---
How will this improve on the original ver 1.03??

--- 帖子 #94 ---
I reversed traded on the 1 hr indicator set at 0. It gave me 14 trades and went to over $200 within 15 minutes. It then went down to $25 back up to $200, down to $40, and then up over $200 again. I finally closed out all for

+$195.

Broker : IBFX

Indicator: CCFp-DIFF_(v1.02)

Mitch

Oh yeah and over the last day +, I have had only 1 loss trading reverse (all wins $150-$200)

--- 帖子 #95 ---
John.  Welcome to the forum and we look forward to your entry and exit discussion.

Sandy

--- 帖子 #96 ---
FerruFx

I have downloaded the CCFp-Diff_ v1.02, recently, and added to experts/custom indicators folder in my MT4 platform in www.fxpro.com(previously north finance.com), but it apppears, if i attach to the charts,

it will not display anything, for me.Nor the data will apppear, but it shows indicators list on the chart. Let me know what is the problem, to rectify the same. Giuide me in this regard.

Is this the latest version, pls help me, give the link/page for downloading

current version for my use. thx in adv.

17th oct 08

--- 帖子 #97 ---
I have accounts at fxdd and ibfx.  I've noticed from the beginning of the first thread that people trading with other brokers were having huge success and wiith fxdd I just had losses for the most part.   For the 4H trade I wondered if the GMT+3 time that FXDD is on had any impact.   Do we really need to run that trade at GMT?

The funny thing is that IBFX usually gets criticism for bad feeds and some have said EAs don't work as well on ibfx.   So seeing the original system work well on ibfx but not on fxdd was puzzling.  However ibfx's time is GMT.

Sandy

--- 帖子 #98 ---
qz, was that with lining up 4 TFs?

--- 帖子 #99 ---
Congrats in opening a new thread. Believe me the concept of CCfp is excellant.I did not have the patience or time to devote and hence had to close the thread.I am very sorry If I had hurt others feelings by doing this.

First I want to congratulate Paris for all the positive pips .SHE IS ABSOLUTELY RIGHT ON TARGET.

YES IT WORKS WHEN YOU REVERSE and it happens on ALL platform.

The reason why it works is simple.Read and Read the the artcle on CCfp at Mq4.

We all have been looking at  the data correctly but have been interpreting it WRONG.

When we say the currency is +, that means on CCFP indicator it is ABOVE the 0 line and vice versa.

If you read on CCFP , it says clearly the currencies WILL MOVE TO CENTER. In other words the currency that is above the ZERO line WILL come down and vice versa.

THIS IS THE REASON WHY PARIS TRADES ARE WORKING GOOD>

So Now Ferrufx should  create an indicator showing reverse signals or have an option to do so.

Thanks

Kris

--- 帖子 #100 ---
Why change something that work for ALL caracters added by brokers?

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #101 ---
You could try a transfer of all indicators you presently don't use (mq4's and ex4's to a different map f.i. to a map called "indicators unused", because when your indicators map in MT4 > MT4/experts/indicators contains more than a specified number of indicators (I don't know how much are allowed in this indicators map) ..... MT4 will make all kind of problems with adding indicators in this map, epecially with ex4 files.

After transferring to map "indicators unused" make sure they are deleted from the indicators map.... After this you should download again the ex4 indicator and restart MT4..... maybe even restart your PC.

Another phenomenon causing all kind of problems is under Windows Vista..... TAKE CARE that here you also do the same with Compatibility Files under

Main User/AppData/Local/VirtualStore/Program Files/MT4/experts/indicators..

Hope this helps for you...... It did the trick for me.

Cheers,John

--- 帖子 #102 ---
Thanks John for your kind words.

About your request, yes it is possible. Let me some time.

NO, about the "current" version. This version doesn't use the Close of the bars but the CCFp values (based on MA original strategy). What I've done with this version is just change the bars to look (0-1 instead of 1-2).

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #103 ---
No, just using that semi-martingale and ff's indicator with an equity take profit ea.

--- 帖子 #104 ---
I can now understand the large drawdowns always encountered.

--- 帖子 #105 ---
The "current" version compare the current CCFp values and the previous CCFp values ... instead of the last 2 previous values.

I coded it just because it was requested by a member here.

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #106 ---
ok, that's that strat you mentioned a few posts above then.  Thanks.

--- 帖子 #107 ---
I think it's great when you have a system that wins 90% of the time or loses 90% of the time. Because if you're losing all the time you can just do the opposite and WIN!! The systems that don;t work are ones that win and lose about 50% of the time. You can't do anything with these. But this system so far is close to the holy grail. Thank you! Paris

--- 帖子 #108 ---
The last version is the CCFp-Diff_[v1.03]. Please use this one instead on the previous which have a major refreshing issue.

About your display problem, your platform must have all datas for the pairs used in the indicators. Give it some time to update its database.

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #109 ---
You are welcome. Cogratulation! This proves that women(if that is what you are as your name suggests) are SMARTER than us men.LOL

Kris

--- 帖子 #110 ---
ES, does this mean your changing your method and doing the opposite now?

--- 帖子 #111 ---
I suspect that ES is just kidding since few posts ...

... if that isn't the case, ES accept my apologize.

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #112 ---
Yes Benq, BUT there are sometimes NOT reversing seem to work as well!!

I am still trying to figure out why?Hence I suggest if Ok with Ferrfx to give an option to reverse the trade on the indicator if one wants to.

Kris

--- 帖子 #113 ---
Kris.. We need you HERE ..

you mean for us a LOT ..

keep good doing

--- 帖子 #114 ---
Ferrufx.

Since last few days I have been trading Reverse signals, on Fxdd. alpari.and  Ibfx. All except two times out of almost 10 trades worked out pretty good.

kris

--- 帖子 #115 ---
Well, if we do reverse signals that puts a new spin on the MTF methods.  Maybe we can look at the H4 that says sell, and then enter a buy when the M15 says buy.  This would mean that the M15 signal is in the direction of H4 returning to its mean.

--- 帖子 #116 ---
means take profit and close as soon as possible.

--- 帖子 #117 ---
It may be possible except for one problem.Since the reverse signals works DUE to currencies moving to median , we dont know how long it will take.The currency that is + or, in other words ABOVE the mean, may continue to go up for a while before returning to MEAN.

I am working on a solution for that as well and hopefully I will be able to let you all know soon.

Thanks

Kris

a

--- 帖子 #118 ---
If it works fine you would not need the M15 confirmation anymore I guess.
I think FerruFX will come up soon with a new indicator that reverses the trades.
ES, I’m happy that you found the explanation why this didn’t work like expected, and congrats for Paris that gave the reason to find out what’s the problem.
Your words:
“When we say the currency is +, that means on CCFP indicator it is ABOVE the 0 line and vice versa.
If you read on CCFP , it says clearly the currencies WILL MOVE TO CENTER. In other words the currency that is above the ZERO line WILL come down and vice versa.”

I was breaking my head since two days why the indicator takes the trades that way; I mentioned that I would not have taken any trades after the first one on the original thread.
I think now things will get fine on the system, we need to find out in the future on witch market condition it works best and when to reverse I guess.

--- 帖子 #119 ---
Well ES's idea would explain why reversing trades works.

It also explains why the early trades worked when you didn't reverse them. In strongly trending markets you don't get that equalizing reverse to mean. The trend rockets the price up or down and new levels are often set.

In fact accurate trend detection may become the best filter on whether to take a straight signal or reverse it

Sandy

--- 帖子 #120 ---
I'm using the Prob meter from FerruFX on all currencies and it works well, even at the moment of an trendreversal it lowers the porcentage of the earlier trend and you almost know what will happen.

I don't know if Ferru would like to integrate a part of that comercial indicator in this new one.

BTW: I don't use it as a standalone trading decision, it only confirms what I want to trade.

--- 帖子 #121 ---
I know, your right, I just added the m's on my version because I only use IBFX but I'll be using your version from now on

Thank you

--- 帖子 #122 ---
Cobra I just got this tool too and have started using it.  It looks very useful.

Sandy

--- 帖子 #123 ---
My Last hour reverse trade for this week, up 125 pips

This reverse trade so far have average 7/10 wins, not a bad average. So got to work out the MM, trading times etc.. to see if fine trimming can tilt it to a higher odds..just for now.

Have nice weekend all!

--- 帖子 #124 ---
Thats why I've been winning on my semi-martingale system, it dosen't care which way it goes as long as it goes.  You guys will have to laugh at this one, I usually test 5 different systems at once on my computer and had two empty, so I opened t101's buy basket on one and his sell basket on the other with a 500 sl and a 1000 tp letting them play until completed, I find myself up some 2000 points in the last 48 hrs. Interesting. Ranging marget which is 80-90% of the time.  I'll keep you guys informed.  Way to go Paris.....

--- 帖子 #125 ---
Been doing reverse trades for a few days now, not completely sure of the ratio but I have only one lose in 12-15 trade sessions. The last session, taking reverse buys off the 60 min indicator, resulted in +$278 profit. I would say my average profit has been between $150 & $200.

--- 帖子 #126 ---
Been doing reverse trades for a few days now, not completely sure of the ratio but I have only one lose in 12-15 trade sessions. The last session, taking reverse buys off the 60 min indicator, resulted in +$278 profit. I would say my average profit has been between $150 & $200.

--- 帖子 #127 ---
Screen shot using ccp and CFP INDICATOR

--- 帖子 #128 ---
Hi Everybody,

This new thread I start to see peoples mentioning about "reverse" trade but I do not see anyone mentioning exactly how to reverse the trade? Maybe I miss some of the posts somewhere. Can someones let me know which posts describe about how to do this reverse trade?

--- 帖子 #129 ---
hi all and sorry for the intrusion but i couldn't resist to reply to this:

LOL really? many people would kill for a system that is right 50% of the time

anyway this is an interesting thread, like it was the previous one

good work guys & gals

--- 帖子 #130 ---
Tick, Just trade the opposite of the signals given. i did that today on the last 4 hour candle, and was down for 3 hours. But, in the last hour, it shot back the other way, so all are in profit. From what I'm reading and seeing here, the system only works in a heavy trending market. When the market is sideways or choppy, won't work...BUT will work if you reverse the trade.

--- 帖子 #131 ---
That was daring trading the last 4 hour candle before the market closes for the weekend. I'm glad it worked out for you. My last candle was the one before that and i did a reversal trade and racked up +320 pips in pure profit! Paris

--- 帖子 #132 ---
I have an idea for an update to the indicator.

Instead of having it show buy or sell based on the numbers for the last 2 closed candles, could we have it just based on just the LAST closed candle?

I still think this is a good way to see trends...I was thinking of looking for patterns based on series of pluses and minuses...

For example: Say for 4 consecutive 4 hr bars gbp was strengthening and simultaneously jpy was weakening, then for the next 2 4hr bars gbp weakens and jpy strengthens....then it reverts back to the original direction of the first set of 4 hr bars... I believe this would be a way of buying a pullback in an uptrend.

This could also be done using different timeframes (1 hr pullbacks in a 4 hr uptrend)

But I would like to see the indicator just give buys/sells based solely on the last closed bar.

Is this possible to do, FerruFx?

Thansk in advance

--- 帖子 #133 ---
I was having the same problem, could view only the 4Hr and 1Hr settings. The 30M, 15M, 5M and 1M were not displaying. Just by luck, I happenned to change the time frame of the chart and the other settings began to show.

If you have set up a 30M indicator, change the chart time frame to 30M too. Once the indi shows up, you can change the chart TF to whatever, the indi continues to work.

Maybe FerruFx can have a look whether this needs to be adressed.

While I am at it, may I suggest FerruFx to consider having some sort of mark against pairs to show that the required tick for that pair has been received. This might be useful specifically for lower time frames.

Thanks

TF

--- 帖子 #134 ---
Hello guys!

Hi FerruFx,

I wanted to ask if you can and, if it can be useful, do your indicator to show the quantitative difference between pairs and / or put them in order of greatest difference.

Thanks for all your work.

Lubo

--- 帖子 #135 ---
Hi FerruFx,

Great work with these indicators.

I noticed that the CCFp-Diff_[v1.03] does not display the actual values in the data window like the original CCFp indicator did. Is there a reason that the actual values aren't displaying and if possible can you make that happen with this latest version.

Also, I just wanted to clarify my understanding of the CCFp-Diff_[v1.03 current]. In this version the last two completed candle values are being compared to the previous 2 completed candle values. So on a 4hr chart you would be comparing 16 hours worth of data. Is that correct?

Thanks for your help.

--- 帖子 #136 ---
You're right, this tool might be good to make decision to trade or not to trade ... and in which direction (time or not to reverse). But it's offtopic as it is commercial. If moderator want to remove this post, feel free to do.

No, I don't plan to integrate it in the CCFp-Diff.

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #137 ---
Wouldn't the histo show you the ranking of strength and weakness by the amount of bars?

--- 帖子 #138 ---
If so, how to define the difference ? You must have 2 values.

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #139 ---
As previously explained, this is because the indicator didn't received all needed datas for that TF. Your platform must first update its database and then all will be fine. This is just for the first apply.

Will look how I can code this ... if it's possible.

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #140 ---
Not sure to understand what you mean. This indicator show difference between Currencies, not pairs.

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #141 ---
The values shown in the Data Window are from indicators buffers. Indicators with no buffers don't show nothing in the data window. This is the case for CCFp-Diff (no buffers).

No, the "current" version compare the current CCFp value with the previous CCFp value.

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #142 ---
It is the current open bar with the last closed bar. I use both v1.02 and v1.03 current . V1.02 gives me the all over condition and with v1.03 current it is like having the finger on the pulse to take appropiate action.

--- 帖子 #143 ---
v1.02 version is obsolete. Please use v1.03 and v1.03 current.

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #144 ---
My mistake it is v1.03 and v1.03 current I am using.

--- 帖子 #145 ---
Thanks paradoxical.

But how do we know in adanced the moment we enter whether the market is in heavy trending market? or sideway?

--- 帖子 #146 ---
Hi FerrFx..

Isn't the value of the CCF-Diff_[v 1.03] derived somehow from the combination of the last two closed candles, wether it be price or MAs, not sure what exactlt you use. What I am getting at is if you compare the value of the CCFp-Diff_[v1.03] to the value of the CCFp-Diff_[v1.03 current] you will be evaluating what is happening over the past 4 closed candles no matter what timefrme you're looking at. Would that be an accurate statement?

--- 帖子 #147 ---
Maybe I made a mistake on what I thought the indicator was looking at...

Does it work this way(example:gbp strengthening:current closed bar value>previous closed bar value>the next previous closed bar value)?

What I want to so is look at the most recent closed bar value and compare it to the previous bars value to generate the buy or sell signals.

So if GBP's value for the most recent closed bar is greater than the bar before it it generates a buy signal(paired with the currency that has lower value compared with its previuos bar).

Does this make sense?

--- 帖子 #148 ---
Hi Tickjob,

I don't there is any magical indicator that will show when there is an exact change in direction. My suggestion is you need to use price action combined with support & resistance and possibly fibs. My game plan is to determine overall trend on the daily chart. Look at the 4 hr chart and wait for a pullback. Use S&R and fibs to determine areas where price may turn on 4hr chart. When price gets to those areas drop down to 1 hr chart and wait for an RS signal in the direction of the trend, evaluate price action at that time and determine an entry point. You will see the turning points sooner on the lower time frames and you still have the benefit of S&R and Fibs from your higher time frames which are typically more reliable. As far as ranging markets go, no indicator will work as good as your eyes. Sometimes we'll be in a ranging market for a day or so before you realize that it's ranging.

--- 帖子 #149 ---
I think that you didn't understand the CCFp values:

The Original CCFp indicator compare its values between bar 1 and bar 2

The CCFp-Diff_[v1.03] exactly the same

The CCFp-Diff_[v1.03_current] compare its values between bar 0 and bar 1

For info, bars numbers on your chart start from 0 (current bar) right to left.

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #150 ---
I thought that the indicator that showed pluses and minuses would only generate them if 2 consecutive closed bars were up/down.

Is this right?

--- 帖子 #151 ---
It is exactly what the CCFp-Diff does.

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #152 ---
The original system started by ES I think said that buy signals were generated by 2 consecutive closed 4hr candles in one direction...then entry would be taken 15 minutes after the open of the next candle.

The indicator with the +'s and -'s I thought only showed them when the above condition was true...I wanted to show +'s and -'s based on the closing direction of only 1 candle, not 2.

Am I describing this correctly?

Thanks for your patience

--- 帖子 #153 ---
You're wrong. The original strategy is:

CCFp-Diff is coded as per the original rules.

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #154 ---
Hi FerruFx,

So CCFp-Diff_[v1.03 current] is comparing the value of the last 2 closed candles to the current "live" candle's value in real time? So will the values change as price changes throughout the live candle with the CCFp-Diff_[1.03 current]? Does the indicator refressh itsel or do you have to change FT and then back agani for it to refresh with new values?

--- 帖子 #155 ---
Did you read my answers? I doubt ...

--- 帖子 #156 ---
Sorry FerruFx....alot of times the translation is lost in the forum written word. I understand your answer completely if you mean the "0" candle is the current "live" candle.

--- 帖子 #157 ---
Yes the candle 0 is the current one.

Candles are like this: 0,1,2,3,4,5,6,etc ... from right to left.

The CCFp-Diff_[v1.03] compare CCFp values of [1] and [2]: if 1 > 2 then + ... if 1 < 2 then -

The CCFp-Diff_[v1.03_current] compare CCFp values of [0] and [1]: if 0 > 1 then + ... if 0 < 1 then -

Hope this is more clear like this. My english writing lag sometimes!

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #158 ---
Hi FerruFx,

One more question..will the value of the CCFp-Diff_[v 1.03 current] change during the live candle as price changes and will it automatically refresh or will you need to change timeframes and come back to the timeframe in question? For example, if the indicator is attached to the 1 hr chart, as price moves up and down will the value of the indicator change during the hour?

--- 帖子 #159 ---
The refreshing is in real time. If there's changes, you'll see right away with the next tick.

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #160 ---
No It will only refresh only after the candle close. The latest indicator

can be attached to one chart for all the time from TF 4,TF 1, TF 30,TF 15

that way you can know the trend of each currency

An excellent Indicator and life has made so easy

There is coorection What I want to say is that the signal to buy and sell will come in the screen after the ompletion of the respective

time frame

--- 帖子 #161 ---
You're wrong ...

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #162 ---
now I corrected it in the same post

--- 帖子 #163 ---
You're still wrong.

My answer to ozziedave was about the [v1.03_current]. The Buy/Sell suggestions refresh EACH tick if there's change.

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #164 ---
Sorry for that

Is it possible to Have E mail Alert also and where the user can choose the time frame he like to receive the E mail with currency preference

or  Am I asking toom much

--- 帖子 #165 ---
I will code it in the next release. Alert will be send at the beginning of each candle based on the Timeframe set in the inputs.

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #166 ---
Is it possible to hide the Hisogram in V1.03 Version in the chart and instead

V1.03 (Current)  will be attached to the chart with V1.03 Offset _comments

--- 帖子 #167 ---
Hi,

I like to learn and use the strategy in my trading.as a newbie..i ve lost a lot already in trading as well as buying other people system and indicators..

After reading this thread, and trying to make sense of the "best" strategy.,this what i learnt.

1)one member is using TF15 and TF 4hr, and make good profit..

and

2) the original strategy as stated using TF 4hr...

i like number two beter but i still confuse , about "the difference between the last two bar" from the indicator.what i mean i think

Take :  USDCHF

lets say

USD : Bar [1] = 0.002. bar [0] = 0.003

CHF Bar [1] = -0.001 and bar [0] = -0.002

to me it is a buy signal.

am i correct. ?

Appreciate any help.

--- 帖子 #168 ---
Correct.

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #169 ---
In the next release, I will code a true/false for display the Histo and/or Suggestions.

For the _current version ... it's not my priority. When I will have time.

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #170 ---
Thanks

We have started to ask too much from you,Because your indicator is

simply super

--- 帖子 #171 ---
Here is a template to use ferru's indicators on MTF

--- 帖子 #172 ---
Set histogram X/Y coordinates as -100. -100

--- 帖子 #173 ---
Shiva it works

I like your quote

so if your suggestion is not working I have to place $ 1 million  before I go

for counter claim

--- 帖子 #174 ---
Hi, FerruFX

I apologize for having written wrong in the previous post.

In my previous question I wanted to say if you can make the difference between the value of the currencies, so that you can see those with the highest value and perhaps put them in order from the largest to small in the Indicator.

Example

value of single currency

USD  - 107.67

EUR  + 137.25

GBP  +      45.08

CHF  -            7.93

.........

and so on

the result  in your indicator could be this:

EUR / USD   buy    + 245.34

GBP / USD   buy    + 152.75

EUR / CHF   buy    + 145.18

........

and so on ...

I hope to have been more clearer.

I'm sorry for my poor English.

Lubo

--- 帖子 #175 ---
Hari, for you I will offer a 50% discount, just send $500,000.00

--- 帖子 #176 ---
shiva

this tpl with the current indicator it shows

1- the last two  4 h  candle ( as original  )

2- the current 4 h

3- the 1 h and 15 min

am i right , or i  mised something ?

regards

--- 帖子 #177 ---
Hi Imad, this used last two versions of the Ferru indicator. You need to have both of then in your experts/indicators forlder

It displays H4, H1, M15 and D1 with trade suggestions based on last h4 candles.

Price chart is disabled for clarity.

--- 帖子 #178 ---
hi again  neighbor ( shiva)

did u try it ?? does it have tune better the entry , better than the original one having only the last 2 4h candles

thanks

--- 帖子 #179 ---
No Imad, i downloaded the new version only today, so will wait for market open to test

--- 帖子 #180 ---
Hi imad

hi again neighbor ( shiva)

did u try it ?? does it have tune better the entry , better than the original one having only the last 2 4h candles

If you have time it is also better to go through the post of Rs 1 and also

Rs 2 to have better understanding of  the thread

You have today as well tommorow to go through the post before you go live

--- 帖子 #181 ---
Sorry but I don't see the utility of your request ... Also your example show a weird relation between currencies and pairs (you add both currencies regardless if they are + or -).

Anyway, I don't plan to add values.

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #182 ---
I have not interest in this method.....

I just want to say hi to FerruFx(we are a old friends)

im sure he remembers me

ps.I need some coding

--- 帖子 #183 ---
Hi FOREXflash.

Have a look here ... Great potential!

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #184 ---
Hi,

I like to learn and use the strategy in my trading.as a newbie..i ve lost a lot already in trading as well as buying other people system and indicators..

After reading this thread, and trying to make sense of the "best" strategy.,this what i learnt.

First of all no one will understand the numbers you are talking about in the

last post

I myself and lot of other members  has taken lot of hours to go thorugh the  RS 1 and RS 2 post and  analyis the whole concept of the thread

an believe me no one  is going to  give you the concept in a platter in a second

Read and understand the post

--- 帖子 #185 ---
Thanks for clearing that up for me...your indicator does exactly what I want it to do for my resaerch.

--- 帖子 #186 ---
Shiva can you please let us know your results with the new indi next week?  I'm going to keep working with the bar change version (previous one).  But am very curious to see how the new version works.

Thanks!

Sandy

--- 帖子 #187 ---
FerruFX I just wanted to thank you for all of the work you've done on this indicator.   I have it set up multi timeframe too.   Not only does it work great it looks extremely professonal.  Your contribution here has been huge imo.  I hope you have time to use the indi to make some basket $$$

Thanks again,

Sandy

--- 帖子 #188 ---
Wake-up you guys, FF's indicators work, stop nagging him with can you do this, can you do that.  His indicators work as they are, we are only confusing him and us with all these different indicators and request for new and improved indicators.  Our main goal is to trade what we have now.  If FF thinks he can improve it, let him do it.  I want to know how the successful people like Paris are trading using what indicator and how she is applying it.  Give us your success stories not your wine.  I've seen this nagging kill a couple of threads recently, we have the tools already lets figure out the most profitable way to use them.

FF you have been a prince, this thread is being dominated by people asking for different indicator changes and not by trading strategies.

--- 帖子 #189 ---
Thanks Nubchai, qz10cq and all others for your support. Very much appreciated.

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #190 ---
I have added a basket-trading module to my multi-purpose management ea. This allows us to treat the whole basket as though it were a single trade, with basket stop loss, take profit and trailing stop.

Click on the link in my sig to go to the download thread. I have also put up some stuff for non-coders, to help you customise scripts and ea's so you don't have to keep entering the values every time us use one.

--- 帖子 #191 ---
Steve if we set a SL for the basket using you management ea and our terminal loses connecton with the broker's server (cable outage, power failure etc),  does your EA still protect the basket with the SL that is set?

I had been told before that a hard SL set for each pair order stays with the order so I'mprotected if there's a power failure.

On the other hand I've been told that floating SLs are terminal-based (user laptop/computer) and if the connecton is lost then you lose the SL protection.

Thanks for any feedback.

Sandy

--- 帖子 #192 ---
All depend of the coding. One solution is to set the SL in a GlobalVariables. Even if the connection lost or platform close, the GV is still there with the SL.

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #193 ---
Some of us have been thinking that in a trending market taking the FerruFX signals as they stand is the way to go.   And if we're in a trending market then reversing the signals is the way to go.

Here's a pretty good article on the ADX standard indicator and how you can use it to detect the strength of the trend per pair and the direction (+D1,-D1).

http://www.investopedia.com/articles...tor.asp?Page=4

Sandy

--- 帖子 #194 ---
Right on all counts. There are pros and cons to treating the whole basket as a single trade. The biggest con is the danger of the ea loosing contact with the trades.

Not that I have seen a basket last long this week. It either hit its sl or tp pretty quickly.

This might become insignificant soon. I haven't read all the intervening posts between yesterday morning and now - that is for later today. Last time I looked, interest seemed to be heading towards using relative strength on small numbers of trades taken from a short tf. We shall see.

--- 帖子 #195 ---
Ditto on that. Thanks FerruFX! Paris

--- 帖子 #196 ---
FerruFX does that work for manual orders?  For these baskets I've been placing the orders manually.   Since it was on demo I didn't care about the SL.  But as Iprepare to go live it's naturally a bigger concern.

Thanks!

Sandy

--- 帖子 #197 ---
I simply have the V1.03 Ferrufx indicator and that's all I use. I set it to level zero to get the most pairs and then i simply just do the opposite of everything it tells me. Nothing difficult about it. An 8 year old child can do it. And i've had only winning sessions with it so far using reverse trades. I've only traded on the 4 hour so far. Thanks, Paris

--- 帖子 #198 ---
If you refer to Steve's scripts, better to ask him. I didn't tested them yet.

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #199 ---
Yeah Paris this is what we all should be looking for successful trading and how your doing it. Do you mind if I call you WONDER WOMAN. Just kidding of course but thanks for all your input. Since we know all pairs range some 80-90% of the time that reverse thing should work until a trend starts and then we have to have a sl or timed sl in place. My semi-martingale system has been working along with you because it's been reversing, the thing that I will change is my initial trade will go against FF's indicator instead of with it. I've been trading the 1hr and the daily using FF's V1.03 with approximately your same success. Thanks WONDER WOMAN....Dan

--- 帖子 #200 ---
Thanks Steve.   You're  right about using RS for shorter timeframes.    I was reversing trades on the H1 TF with pretty consistent results.  The returns are less than a single basket because the pairs that qualify are smaller - depending on the trade level you use.   But $25-$100 an hour x 6 hours (or more) is pretty good.  Of course you have to factor in losing trades but still it'sanother nice option available to us thanks to the indicator.

Sandy

--- 帖子 #201 ---
Good morning,

That is exactly what I have been trading with. just V1.03 and reversing the signals with good results.

Only request I may have for Ferrufx is JUST to give an option on the indicator to trade opposite signals. Since I am not a programmer I dont know whether it can be done or not.

Of course Now I dont moderate this thread anymore I cant say what should or should not be done with the system. But I would strongly advice keeping it simple and trying it out  for a while before making more and more changes. Just my opinion.

Thanks

Kris

--- 帖子 #202 ---
Ferrufx,

One more thing I want , is to be able to have the option to keep the system as originally devised by me,  that is looking at prevoius 2 CLOSED bars and getting the signals.

Belive me looking at just the present bar does not work. Because the trend has not been established since there had not been enough time.

I have been trading for 30 years and I can tell you , currency trading is lot easier to trade once there is some amount of trend has developed.

Thanks

Kris

--- 帖子 #203 ---
My experience with it. Mitchp has been trading both 1 hour and 4 hr and has had one losing session out of about 15 sessions using reverse trades. I've only traded the 4 hour candle excluding the candle at the end of Asian session and the candle during London session as i'm sleeping at this time. But i've traded the other 4 candles during new york session and asian session and usually it goes into profit right away. I wait about 5-10 minutes before placing orders. Biggest drawdown so far was about -280 pips. But it's always has come back into profit. I usually take profit between +250-+400 pips per session. All reverse trades. So far for a few days it's working. Paris

--- 帖子 #204 ---
The v1.03 and all next releases will ALWAYS have the original setup as default.

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #205 ---
I've been testing T101's basket all buy/all sell trades at the same time on two different accounts with a sl of 500 and a take profit of 1000, the idea being when it starts trending I will lose the 500 and gain the 1000.  It's been working with the account for the two +2000 in the 3 days I've been doing this.  Your ea will be tested this week and I will keep you updated...Thanks, great work (if it works)....Dan

--- 帖子 #206 ---
I wonder if it is possible to have a + or - above/below the bars depending on the signals...What I am looking for is patterns of pluses and minuses....

If AUD/USD was a buy for 4 straight 4 hr bars then reverses into a sell for 2 4hr bars...we might be ableto use the indicator for entering this pullback once it strengthens again.(I think the strengthening could be another 4 hr bar showing plus or even a 1hr(or small series of 1hr bars) strengthening).

Has anyone looked at this?

--- 帖子 #207 ---
Let me say thank you for all you have produced here and what you have is enough, but if you are going for another version please include the spread for the pairs. I manually look at the spreads and won't trade the pairs if they have a spread of more than 10. Some of the spreads are +50 which make them un-tradable for me. In the attachments there is one call signal bars that I use to tell me the spreads. Thanks again FF.

--- 帖子 #208 ---
ES Trader, you are right the current bar hasn't got enough data to work with and the signal should be taken from the  2 closed bar indic. but using  the V1.03 current in conjunction we should be able to tell , lets say 15 or 30min into the new bar if the condition have changed. If you see it is going a different way as you indent to enter then one would not enter and  at least wait for the V1.03 current  to agree with the 2 closed bar signal. Anyway we got powerfull tools thanks to FerruFx and I am happy with what we got . Happy testing /trading everyone.

--- 帖子 #209 ---
Here's attached the new release of the CCFp-Diff.

1. Added an option true/false to display histogram and/or suggestions

2. Added an option true/false to reverse the suggestion (see note below)

3. Added an email alert (start new bar)

4. Added an option true/false to use candle instead of MA in the CCFp calculation

5. Added a checking if all pairs involved in the CCFp calculation received their first tick at bar open (to be tested in real time ... can't be done with market close)

About the reverse option: the thinking was that the reverse might be an option in ranging market, so setting the level would determine the borderline. When setting the level to 3 for example, suggestions for pairs below the level will be reversed, suggestions for pairs above the level will be no-reversed. For those who don't need to filter and want ALL suggestions reversed, then just set the level to 11.

IMPORTANT: the suggestions to be reversed are just signaled with a colored sign BUT for not confusing some newbies who don't take the time to read the thread, the direction Buy/Sell are the standard ones.

Hope you will enjoy this new one like the previous!

Thanks again for your support and motivation.

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #210 ---
May I correct to say that these trades were done without knowledge of the market is trending or ranging?

--- 帖子 #211 ---
Ferrufx

You are the man

Thank you from my side

--- 帖子 #212 ---
Thanks FerruFx, I have noticed the v1.04 has now a smoothed MA setting as default (2)were as the other release were Linearly weighted MA's.I know It can set by the user but did indent to change that?

--- 帖子 #213 ---
Sorry my bad. I updated the version in the other post. Please redownload it.

Thanks for this.

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #214 ---
FerruFx, nice additions to the new version. Can you lease tell us more o the candle instead MA option?I assume it tells us if there is a sequence up or down candle ? looking back over how many candles set by the level input?

--- 帖子 #215 ---
The "bar instead MA" was requested by a member here.

In the CCFp original calculation, I replaced the MA values by the candles values.

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #216 ---
Thank you!

--- 帖子 #217 ---
ferrufx thanks!

The standard configuration remains 4h?

We can use the indicator as a method scalp, for example 5M TF?

When we say buy buy, sell and sell?

Thank you

--- 帖子 #218 ---
ES Trader, et al.

It is my intention to keep the system as originally devised by you and to maintain the thread with this in mind.  I think we need to keep it simple  because if we muck around with it the method will change entirely which is not our goal here.  It is important, however to continue to explore; especially examine the reason that it does better when we reverse signals during ranging markets.  We need to figure out why this happens and how to exploit it so that when we are ranging we are deploying the reverse strategy and when we are trending the original strategy.  I think for the moment we need to concentrate on these items.

One other thing I want to encourage is to use some restraint in requesting our valued coders such as FerruFx & SteveHopwood, & others to make minor changes to the indicator.  If you think your suggestion would benefit the majority, then suggest it, but if it is more your personal preference, save it for another day.

1Trader2

Moderator

--- 帖子 #219 ---
I trader 2

I fully agree with you. I myself  has asked too much  from the programmers and coders  to my self interest and which  I will not be doing any more

Coming back to ES we need your input and advise who have been in the fx for 30 years and other senior members.

--- 帖子 #220 ---
I think we have a great system here and a wonderful set of tools thanks to Ferrufx and Steve.

This week it would be great if people could report:

1.  Trades taken

2.  Type (4 hour or 1 hour or other)

3.  Specfic candle or time the trade was taken

4.  Did you trade the signal as it was ~~ or~~

5.  Did you reverse the signals

6.  Results of the trade

This way we can get a feel for what's working in terms of timeframe, signal treatment and market (Asian, London, NY, London-NY overlap etc )

Sandy

--- 帖子 #221 ---
May I correct to say that these trades were done without knowledge of the market is trending or ranging?

At leat paris hillton has taken the bold step to declare that she is doing the reverse trade and  colleting the pip. Eventhough  if i have done  the reverse step  I will be admitting  it inthe later stage( man and women difference)

By the way when the market opens  on monday tell me whether  the market is ranging or trending

--- 帖子 #222 ---
Paris, you seem to be a lady on her way to riches, have you ever considered marrying a never do good husband? I volunteer

--- 帖子 #223 ---
These were all conducted while the market was ranging. I have no idea if reverse trades will work when the market is trending. Paris

--- 帖子 #224 ---
These basket methods (both T101's and ES') have had a good run the last few weeks trading both the regular and the reverse style.  But I'd like members to share at what level they are deciding the basket is dead and exit at a loss.

So many of the baskets go to profit in a matter of minutes.  But when it goes the other way, what level of pain do you decide exit?

--- 帖子 #225 ---
I will

--- 帖子 #226 ---
So many of the baskets go to profit in a matter of minutes. But when it goes the other way, what level of pain do you decide exit

Look the  chart and see how the candles are placed  in simple 5 EMA

before you place the trade

The time taken is around 10 to 15 mintues and even less

--- 帖子 #227 ---
Hehe. Much as I love being described as a 'valued coder', I have to take issue with being mentioned in the same sentence as FerruFx.

FerruFx has probably forgotten more about coding than I shall ever learn. The guy is brilliant. I am not.

I enjoyed the brief moment in the limelight, though.

--- 帖子 #228 ---
I know I am impressed with both of your programming. Your Multipurpose EA is outstanding and the best I have ever seen any where for purchase or free..

And FerruFx, well, what can I say but brilliant. I don't think most people have any idea what he has done here. This lastest version is 126k file, that means that it must loosly be about say 80 or 90 k file of source code, which I did some quick calulations means that he must have written over 1600 lines of code to make this. We are talking about lots and lots of donated hours. and the skill is incredible.  This is an awesome gift.  IMO

Scott

--- 帖子 #229 ---
Steve,

I've been singing your praises for a while now, and it's well deserved. That multi purpose EA is head and shoulders above the others. And now with the latest update -- well, it's just incredible. Thanks for all you do.

And of course a huge thank you to FerruFX as well.  The indicator is amazing and a huge accomplishment.

--- 帖子 #230 ---
I must have missed it  Where can I find this "Multipurpose EA" from Steve? I checked the paper clip but can't see it there.

Thank you

--- 帖子 #231 ---
Harigp, can you explain the use of a 5 EMA, what exactly are you looking at and how do you use that information.

Thanks

Mitch

--- 帖子 #232 ---
Steve and Ferrufx,

Awesome work and then there are some idiots that I will not mention names that just can not find things themselves. They never bother trying to look or answer things for themselves.

Regards,

Jeff

--- 帖子 #233 ---
No reason for you to spot it matrixebis. Download it from http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=89371. Download the instructions as well, though, as it is quite complicated to use.

Thanks for the kind comments smjones and BenQ. Much appreciated.

--- 帖子 #234 ---
Steve don't be so modest. You've done an awesome EA manager. Not so many here have the skills to do that.

Also thanks again and again for your support.

And of course thanks to all, SmJones, BenQ, Jeff and many others for your kind words. Very much appreciated.

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #235 ---
Maybe I did not understand it, in your indicator, and in this method, in pairs that it shows, have the individual currencies the opposite strength power ?

If so, then the sum of the absolute value of the individual currencies of each pair should show which pair has more power.

Perhaps I am wrong?

Thanks

Lubo

--- 帖子 #236 ---
Guyz,

I don't mean to sound skeptical , but isn't this system based on if

"rsi of USD moves up and RSI of AUD moving down" so we enter a short on AUDUSD

Isn't price action also more importanta?

Because if you see a regular trading... RSI could be above 50levels and yet the price could be going down.

And...if people have to stoop to going the opposite of what the indicator says to make a profit.... i think its like a flip coin system then.

Maybe we need to re-think and re-improve...cuz executing a trade on demo is ok.... but it does not bring confidence to trading live trade..

--- 帖子 #237 ---
Hi dznmrd, read this http://articles.mql4.com/422 and this one http://articles.mql4.com/484

--- 帖子 #238 ---
http://i38.tinypic.com/2njv6sg.gif

Comparing all of the JPY pairs from close to open and close to open 4 bars ago.  Showing weakness of JPY relative to the other currencies.  The numbers are the pip difference close minus open.

--- 帖子 #239 ---
CCfp stands for Complex Common Frame percent and it measures the fluctuation relative to each other. The nearness of a currency to the balance line (0) means that the currency is in the balance state towards other currencies.
Thinking about this I start to understand more how its calculated why one buy signal is a buy and the other buy signal is a sell.

It has a lot to do where we are in relation to the balance line.

1. A buy signal at the extreme top half of 0 one would expect a return to the mean and sell the currency. So a sell could be placed when it starts to show signs of weakness either on a lower TF or combined with v1.03 current. A stoploss could then be placed just above the last significant top and the trade closed or scaled out near or at mean. An entry needs to be monitored as in a strong up trend it could turn out to be a retracement.
It would explain why Paris was successful trading the opposite

2 A buy signal at oversold or extreme oversold to 0 would be then genuine buy signal. A stoploss could be placed just below the last significant low and the trade closed or scaled out near or at mean. Also as in 1. The entry needs to be monitored as in a strong down trend it could turn out to be a retracement.
To give an entry a even better chance of success the traded pairs should be coming from the opposite and returning to the 0. Now if we close our position only partially near 0 or by crossover of the pair and lock in some profit then let the rest of the position to continue the ride as long as each pairs is moving opposite to each other and away from the balance line.
A signal could be generated if both of the pairs are above or below the 0 in which case I would ignore it until one of them crosses the 0 line and both moving away from it.

What do you guys think? Does that make sense or am I wrong in my logic here?

--- 帖子 #240 ---
hi paris and ferrufx,

so you think the reverse strategy will be the best system?

in CCfp indicator v1.0.4 (the latest one), in parameter "use Bar instead of MA will be TRUE or FALSE?

i set it TRUE... is that correct?

what is your SL and TP?

thanks

--- 帖子 #241 ---
The "use Bar instead of MA" settings doesn't have nothing to do with the original strategy. It was requested by a member here. Keep the default to false if you want trade with the original CCFp calculation.

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #242 ---
thanks ferrufx..

--- 帖子 #243 ---
Can some1 could come out with pdf manaul version??

That will be gr8..

Sonic

--- 帖子 #244 ---
Thanks harigp and thank you Ferrux Fx, for the swift reply to my post..http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...&postcount=168

Appreciate, if any members here has indicator showing differences of bar 1 and bar 0, i b very much obliged.

I dont mean the sign "-" or "+" not useful, just want to get some idea how "strong" is the - or + in the indicator window.

Thanks ferrux Fx for the great indicator

umpamapadi

--- 帖子 #245 ---
Of course umpamapadi it is very easy and explained in the first few post of ES Trader's closed thread. http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=113181 top right is a paperclip download one of the CCFp Inidic which works for you and follow the instruction as per KS trader. You can then read at any bar you like in the Data  window

--- 帖子 #246 ---
Dear Thread,

Sandy's suggestion/plea/advice to think out when do you reverse (convergence toward the 0 line) and when do you trend-follow (divergence away from the 0 line) is exactly correct. What are those parameters?

Lenoxer

--- 帖子 #247 ---
Thanks Pipo

Why dont i think of that, hmmmm.

BTW, i still cant the hang of it, i mean, how Paris Hiltondid. Doing the opposite what the ccfp tells,..Of course when i saw the 1st candle up lst candle is down. e.g today, AUDUSD indic said buy..

http://img243.imageshack.us/img243/1...8octno4.th.pnghttp://img243.imageshack.us/images/thpix.gif

Any ideas..?

umpamapadi

--- 帖子 #248 ---
There are different application for the CCFp and one of it is the return of a currency from over bought/oversold to the balance line or towards it.This is where I think we went wrong as we bought at the very top and sold at the very bottom. Paris noticed that the trades turn out way better going against the signal.

BTW looking at your chart and the histo of the AUD is very strong but the USD is not that weak compared to JPY or EUR. So a higher level setting would have properly filtered out such weak signals as the AUDUSD buy.

There is still a lot of fine tuning to be done. I am sure everyone will be busy

testing their own Ideas and if successfull share it with others.

--- 帖子 #249 ---
this is the first time I try this, I attached the indicator to a chart and get the following error:

2008.10.19 17:56:40 Error reading file 'C:\Program Files\MetaTrader - Alpari UK-Demo\experts\indicators\CCFp-Diff_v1.04.ex4'

--- 帖子 #250 ---
Hi ferrufx....Isnt this something like your old xmeter ea?

--- 帖子 #251 ---
The tool I coded here isn't an EA.

And the !xMeter is based on pure price ... CCFp is based on MA.

But the principle of individual currency strength is the same yes.

FerruFx

PS: I am not the coder of !xMeter. I just coded an EA based on.

--- 帖子 #252 ---
How are we handling the spreads? Being down 50 or more as soon as I enter is un trade-able for me. I've seen exotic pairs at over 200 for the spread. Is this a non issue? Is anyone considering the spread? I personally toggle all the spreads higher than 10 off from FF's indicator.  Spreads go higher at news times.  Is there one broker anyone can recommend solely on maintaining there spreads?

--- 帖子 #253 ---
Pipo good analysis.  Let me restate and let me know if I understand correctly. If a currecy is overbought and we get a buy signal then we reverse and sell instead If a currecy is overbought and we get a sell signal then we take the sell signal If a currecy is oversold and we get a buy signal then we trade the buy signal If a currecy is oversold and we get a sell signal then we reverse and buy instead If ths is true then would you determine overbought/oversold status for each pair that had a signal on the H4 timeframe (since the basket approach used the H4 signals) ?   Or would the H4 and lower timeframes have to show agreement for the most part in being overbought/oversold?

Thanks,

Sandy

--- 帖子 #254 ---
But v1.03 is working fine, how come v1.04 does work on my pc?

--- 帖子 #255 ---
Hi guys,

We can use Orest indicator to determine if the market is ranging or trending...

T101 explains it in post#247 here:
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...=57375&page=17

Respond to question about ranging...

The Orest indic there are some figures at the bottom. on of them is the total Buys the Other is total sells then the sum of the two. I normally look at the 4 hour column Look at the T: if that value is just within the amount of spread. Say for Ibfx it is the spread is 75 if the total is just runningin that amount is within 100 - 0 and fluctuating around there then you have a ranging market. if you have trade and in profit you can wait it out because it coul dbe just consolidation. I fyou have no trade then dont trade and stay at the side line.

Julius

If the market is ranging we use Ferru indicator and pull a Paris Hilton reversal...

If the market is trending we use Ferru indicator and go normal...

Steve, great work with your trade management EA...

Ferru, new 1.04 indiactor is awesome...

Shiva, Don Of Dubai, love the template and the Jag looks good...

Geeve

--- 帖子 #256 ---
Hi Sandy

#1 and #4, I will be looking at the histo of both version of CCFp(v1.04 and 1.03 current) on the H4 ,H1 and M15 and signs of reversal should make itself visible there also I like to see the ccy in relation to the balance line so I have one of the previous CFFp with the lines on a chart and look at the chart of that pair itself.

If I have evidence that the opposite strength is building up then I would enter in the opposite direction to the given signal.

#2 and #3, correct but I still go throught the same process as with case 1 and 4 to determine and or confirm the signal. The histo on lower TFs should give us evidence for the strength to hold or increase in same direction.

Yes I would use the H4 signal but use the lower Tf for the purpose as explained above.

If a lower tf's show agreement with the H4 then I go with the trend until the lower TF's start to show weakness or revers signals.

There will be different ways to apply CFFp but that's how am going to test it for this week.

--- 帖子 #257 ---
While writing all this yesterday and today I saw that FerruFX already produced version 4 of his magnificent indicator having the CLOSE=true option available. Thanks a lot mate….. splendid work !!
First of all I would like to share that I have been developing Metastock trading systems for about 7 years, however because of my age I have decided not to start studying MT4 language, although it is tempting and yet meanwhile I have gathered a little knowledge how to make some modifications.
Today I have had my doubts of adding all this to the thread. At first glance it looks a bit complicated, but when you know how it works you are able to make trade decisions very quickly.
My aim is not to contribute to a system which in itself is simple to practice and make it more difficult to use. It’s just that some traders were screwed with enormous Drawdowns using this system. For those traders that just like me always seek trade setups that avoid high drawdowns……..my views on how to start using the RS System in a slightly different manner may be of help.
Having said all that let’s turn to the trading system we are discussing here....... Actually we are not using the CCFp indicator in a way it has been designed in the first place......... that doesn't matter of course when results are positive and the manner in which we use this indicator is rightly understood. Even ES Trader quite recently has admitted that reversed BUY and SELL signals also seem to work well with his trading system.
Anyway in my view the way we are trading this system best is when "the basket" as a whole is right at the beginning of a trend up or down...... So in order to finetune each trade setup at the beginning of a new H4 candle..... we want clear evidence that the current candle will have the potential for at least one..... or even more successful trades in the next 4 hours !!
So to begin with we need CLOSE signals on H4 and also on the other TF's (H1, M5) that are not being interfered by MA delays. That is why I have asked FerruFX for an option true/false in his indicator to exclude MA delays completely. He has agreed to do this and already finished the job in version 4.
In the example (screenshot) shown here I have used EURUSD on 3 TF's H4, H1 and M5. Now when we have all 3 TF's in accordance in this way.... using FerruFX’s indicators all showing BUY or all showing SELL for a certain currency pair..... we have a clean cut CLOSE signals determined situation over the latest bars …. Providing a much more trustworthy trade setup >>>>> Note: this explains immediately why ES TRADER made clear several times that the better entries most of the time occurred ...... half an hour later after the beginning of the current H4 bar.
Now how do we pinpoint visually a valid trade setup? There are many ways.... but this is the way I do it. I got sick of Fibonacci and all other pivot systems...... I have tried them all but the problem for me always has been that it took way to much time to determine whether or not a trade was valid. So out of all this I have distilled a pivot system that only uses 4 lines on the chart, which always show remarkable accuracy in any market and on any chart.... I was lucky to find an equivalent for my Metastock formula's in MT4 and made a few modifications to those….
These lines are derived from PrevDayAndFloatingPivots..... Here we do not use the Floating part. Therefore I have omitted this from the indicators and renamed them in order not to cause interference with other charts where they may be used. That also goes for the other indicators JE-QQE and JE-ArrZZx2+. The JE-ArrZZx2 helps identify the area where a valid trade setup bar is to be expected. In the example you’ll notice this in theM5 chart. Don’t use the ZZ drawing option in this indicator, for in that part of the indicator there is a bug that causes MT4 to consume too much resources of your PC….. It will ultimately halt MT4 completely. Another bug is in the refreshing…… when you would use it also use as an MTF indicator on the same chart, it won’t refresh properly. Reason why we don’t use these options.
The yellow line is the Daily OPEN. The other three are Targets to the up and downside. These four dotted lines are very important because they show where the better trades start, where is the next target and also they represent the most significant levels of support and resistance during each trading day.
Definitions:
1 When the trade moves towards the purple line and we have a wide opening between yellow and purple..... this is a first indication for a trending day. There are other possible trending days. Good ones you’ll see develop when purple and yellow lines are close together and price rises above or falls under both of them.
2 When the gap is narrow between yellow and purple... however price is moving between those two....... we are in a non trending situation. In this case we look for the breakout out above or below one of those two lines.
3. A breakout above yellow - purple area…….and aqua line at great distance is an indication for an uptrend towards the aqua line...... which now has become our target.
4. A breakout below yellow - purple area…… and deeppink line at great distance is an indication for a downtrend towards deeppink line...... which in this case now has become our target.
5. Whenever price reaches a target line…… we immediately close the trade…. We normally don’t wait for the price to move beyond a target line, because 99% of the time price first swings up and down at these target levels before continuing direction or before bouncing back. So every time when price reaches a target level…… we have arrived at a new trade setup situation and we should examine the new trade setup situation before continuing with a new trade. We only continue with a new trade when we have evidence that again there will be enough boost potential for the next trade. Comparing currency pairs that have same correlation with EURUSD like NZDUSD, f.i. these indeed start trending most of the time simultaneously at these pinpointed trade setups for EURUSD. So I believe that for the basket as a whole this should work. Some currency pairs in the basket will be late to the party and some others will be earlier…….

The screenshot shows an example of a visually pinpointed trade setup. Look at the latest setup marked by the yellow arrow. On the H4 chart we see (12 hrs GMT bar) that price has reversed to the upside at the deeppink line. If FerruFX’s original indicator (new version 4) is being used having Close indication option set to true over the 2 previous bars we get here a SELL signal (because C2>C1). However it’s very obvious that price has reversed at the deeppink support level and is heading for our first target which is the purple line. Price going up is also verified by the QQE pointing up from a small red support level…… and QQE not being to close to resistance provided either by the 50 line or the aqua dotted line.

Using FF’s current indicator here instead (having also CLOSE option set to true) this one would show a BUY signal (because C0>C1). So now that we have visually pinpointed first evidence for a possible valid BUY entry we go to the other TF’s and see what the message is here. BTW. I normally use H1 and M5 and sometimes peep at the M30, For the record to prove the accuracy of the 4 PrevDayPivot lines I’ll go down to the M5.

On the H1 chart, also on 12 hour bar where it says “valid BUY” …. we see that C1>C2 and thus have further evidence for a valid BUY. FF’s regular indicator having set to Close option=true gives us that message here too. Also the QQE indicator is rising and just crossed the dotted signal MA.

Instead of going immediately to the M5 chart… you might want to check the M30 chart for instance how things have developed here. If you do that take care that FF’s version 4 is set to CLOSE= true option, TF =30 and Tradelevel is set to 0. Also on the 12 hour bar we now already have a detailed situation which would satisfy me enough to enter the BUY trade. Again we see here confirmation of a rising QQE above the dotted signal line. The 12:30 hrs bar would be the better one to enter the trade because now the QQE crosses resistance at the 50 level (central line of the QQE), whereas the 12:00 hrs bar bounces off first at the 50 line.

A further refinement on the M5 chart shows that the 12:35 hrs bar is the best choice to enter the trade, This is in full agreement with QQE which after first having crossed the signal line now crosses the 50 centerline to the upside.

Please take notice that this is in full agreement with ES Trader’s experience that he often saw the better entry points about half an hour later than exactly at OPEN of the current H4 bar. Next also take notice how accurate this trade ends…. exactly at the purple line target. Also notice that the next bar on the M30 chart also is a valid trade setup >>>>> this trade should be taken when price moves above the purple line (resistance now becomes support) towards our next target line (aqua). How nice this works can be checked again in detail on the continued M5 chart !!!

Conclusions

Using this trade setup we don’t have to wait for agreement on the 3 TF’s using only FF’s regular v4 indicator, for we may quite often already find an earlier agreement using FF’s current version on H4 and the regular (version 4) on the TF’s H1 and M5

So therefore I have another request FerruFX, if you would be so kind to also modify your Current version indicator in such a way that we can use it with this trade setup? I mean using the CLOSE option and also presenting current BUY – SELL advise.

Scalpers may want to use a combination of H1, M5 and M1 templates.

For those of you that may want to study setup possibilities I have attached templates and indicators. All objects are still intact on the templates…. So you have to delete those when you want to refresh your own templates without the objects.

Good luck to all and many pips in the coming week,

John

--- 帖子 #258 ---
Does anyone have an indicator that draws a simple vertical line each x hours (in this case 4H) starting at x hour?

It would be helpful for back testing various setups in smaller TF’s with different broker times.

I found some session time indicators but they don’t do that.

--- 帖子 #259 ---
Great post John. Thanks for your analysis.

About a v1.04_current version ... will do but let me some time. It is sunday night here (23:00 GMT+7) and after 130hrs coding this week, I need few hours of sweet dreams!

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #260 ---
Search for DayBorders MQ4.

--- 帖子 #261 ---
The one I've got does let you set any TF and color but not the  starting hour option.

--- 帖子 #262 ---
In my opinion this suggestion looks like the BEST. I think we all should just stick to this above strategy and trade for ONE week. All should agree to put their success/failure and at the end of one week I think we will have nailed this system real well.

Please don't request  anymore changes/alteration of the indicator for a while.

Hope This suggestion would be welcome by everyone.

Thanks

Kris

--- 帖子 #263 ---
Thank you Pipo, that was exactly what I was looking for, it works well on each broker.

I will have also try the one that posted PipClipper, thank you as well.

--- 帖子 #264 ---
http://i33.tinypic.com/izbb5l.gif

Open source version of CCFp.

--- 帖子 #265 ---
http://i34.tinypic.com/2comlub.gif

!xMeter MODIFIED OPEN SOURCE.  Original was an EA. Maybe some other coders have ideas to add.  We should not have to be dependent on one programmer.  Now contributions can be openly shared.

--- 帖子 #266 ---
Report Formate from Members

Session Traded                        Asis,London,Europe,US

GMT

Time Frame Used for entry          TF 240,TF 60,TF 30,TF 15

Type of Trade ( Normal/Reverse)

Maximum Draw down Captured

Win/Loss Trade                            10 win 2 Loss

Pip Collected

General Comments/observation

Members will keep the data in Excel Formate and will be submitted at end of the week

--- 帖子 #267 ---
Kris,

I'm just not getting how to read this indicator. I have read T101 explaination over and over and I'm just not understanding. Can you maybe explain it to us noobies.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #268 ---
Kris I'm afraid I don't understand how to figure out if the market in ranging using the orest indi either.   If you have time could you go over a detailed example?

Thansk

--- 帖子 #269 ---
You can't have a system that wins every time (grail) so for me I'm going to play the range which happens between 70-90% of the time.  You guys are spinning your wheels when you try to win 100%.  Set a good sl and go on to the next trade.  Lets concentrate on whose winning and how they are doing it...

Best regards to all, it's a super thread..

--- 帖子 #270 ---
Nubcahai,

please read the post above. Let me tell you How I traded 101 system.This may be totally different from how he explained.

I simply look at the last column in the orest indicator v1.11 and if the total number was above 100 I went long whole group and vice versa.

I also used VQ indicator on all the currency pairs.When I saw more currencies in green I went long and when more charts were showing red I went short.( I have explained this in 101 thread.)

I still am not able to understand currency jumping and how to trade those.

This does not mean 101 ,s system is hard to understand.It simply means my senile brain is having hard time to understand .LOL

Thanks

--- 帖子 #271 ---
Lol ES thank you.  I understand this approach.

Sandy

--- 帖子 #272 ---
ES,

1. What is a "orest indicator v1.11" and where do I find it?

2. What is a VQ indicator and where do I find it?

Thanks for your work! I too, am trying to keep it simple.

--- 帖子 #273 ---
I think this is what you are looking for. Vertical line that can be adjusted by the hour.

--- 帖子 #274 ---
Your indicator shows a daily horizontal line of the price open at x hours.

The one that Pipo posted is perfect, it shows in smaller TF the cycle of x hours TF (in our case the 4H) and it is not necesary to ajust the hour, it starts at 00:00 of any brokers time.

But anyhow thanks, it's good to have for any other project.

--- 帖子 #275 ---
problem solved. I download the program again and it works now.

--- 帖子 #276 ---
!xMeter doesn't use  the original strategy. This thread is based on CCFp calculation.

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #277 ---
I am not sure exactly what you mean when you say the total is within the amount of the spread...Do you mean that the total is in between the buys and sells figure spread?

--- 帖子 #278 ---
Good advice, qz. It's pretty great as is with a few trading tweaks.  Please check your PM's. Thanks.

--- 帖子 #279 ---
The indicator Je-ArrZZx2...you mention that it helps identify an area where a valid setup bar may be...does it draw this in advance?  If so, how far?

Thanks for these indis and set up!

--- 帖子 #280 ---
Here's attached.

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #281 ---
Thank you FerruFx I will put it in action ASAP.

--- 帖子 #282 ---
Yes, I know that.  But it has the meter display that someone could adapt to the CCFp.

--- 帖子 #283 ---
It will then display the same result of the CCFp-Diff ... Why make a 2nd indicator which will have the same result ?

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #284 ---
I just wanted to commend all the contributors to this thread for the great ideas being put out there.  Special kudos go to John Edwards for putting a new dimension and twist on the whole thing.  (I will need some time to digest this...).  And to FerruFx for adapting the already brilliant indicator (you are a regular coding machine!)  Also for Pipo's interpretation... etc., etc

I guess you can tell I'm thrilled with the way this is going...

1Trader2

Moderator

--- 帖子 #285 ---
Don't forget that the originator of all this is YOU     Thanks a lot.

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #286 ---
Signal on AUDJPY for long entry stoploss at 69.65 it needs to clear the lines above.

update: M30 has given buy signal now too

--- 帖子 #287 ---
NZDUSD H1 inside bar breaking out long

Sorry not CFFp related

--- 帖子 #288 ---
Hi ES,

Appreciate if you tell us the time frame that you look at for the VQ indicator.

Also, would you go short at 99 and long at 101...., trying to guage the approx levels for longs/shorts.

Would like to observe all these and relate it to your system being discussed here.

Thanks

TF

Thanks

TF

--- 帖子 #289 ---
MTF 15,30,1H,4H    WHEN ALL IN AGREEMENT. Current 4 hour candle. (4:00gmt)(GBP/CHF,GBP/JPY,AUD/JPY,andAUD/CHF......all buys....up 200 pips....works great...keep it simple!

--- 帖子 #290 ---
What is your CCFp level setting?

--- 帖子 #291 ---
Hi Rick,

Other than neural projecting indicators there are no indicators that in advance can draw turning points. However this is a much more clever ZZ indicator........ for it places arrows under or over a couple bars. As such it shows where there are double top- and double bottom- like turning points.

When more than two arrows have been marked on the chart, you have more evidence that it's going to be a turning point. However you always should combine ZZ turning points with other indicators, like we do here with QQE.

The QQE also shows agreement in several ways >>>>> support -resistance falling and rising double tops and bottoms, crossing of centerline, resistance or support.

Always use the incators in accordance with the 4 Pivot lines and you have a powerful set of tools....... the lesser indicators the better.

Hope this helps, John

--- 帖子 #292 ---
Thank you very much FF. You are the fastest coder I ever came across any forum. How is this possible? Did you get any (enough?) sleep....... after coding for more than 130 hrs last week.

I know it sometimes is pure passion that gets you in its grasp to go on and on.... but take care of your health and have a break now and than.

It's amazing what you have done here again..... I can't wait a minute longer to see what this baby does on the current bars.....

John

--- 帖子 #293 ---
Thanks for your kind words. Very much appreciated.

4-5 hours is enough yes!!! 130hrs is as usual for each week ...

Even if it's my job, yes it's before all a passion.

Again, thanks for your support.

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #294 ---
Here are a couple of validated BUY setups on the 5min chart EURUSD.

Those of you who have read the definitions will have noticed that today we have purple and yellow pivot line close together, which means that this is going to be a trading with strong trending potential. The breakout is to the upside and in accordance with H4 and H1 charts, also QQE.

We therefore only look for BUY Trades. Whenever on the H4 chart price would be falling again under the upper (aqua) target line, we would look for evidence that the uptrend has halted and that the trend has reversed >>>>> Only than we would start looking for valid SELL entries.

BTW, above the aqua pivot and under the deeppink pivot lines you look for guidance to the ArrZZx2+ indicator for continuing trades. Also look at the QQE.... for instance if this one crosses it's signal line.

Hope these examples help you, John

--- 帖子 #295 ---
Hi All,

Very much thanks to all here....i've been trading this type of system before but was not aware there were indicators to help...a million thanks to FerruFX, great indicator, and thanks ES trader for his great system, i guess the only challenge for this is to identify SL and TP level.

profited 3.5% today.

Cheers.

alvinrikki

--- 帖子 #296 ---
Purple and Yellow line are close because of the sunday small trading day. So be very carefull before draw conclusions.

Anyway, thanks for this great setup.

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #297 ---
Hi FF,

I have attached current version 1.04 to H4 chart, but don't see the expected BUY/SELL advise regarding C0 and C1 bars. Is it possible to implement this too?

I intend to use the current version advise of H4 charts in comparison to the advise of your regular indicator (1.04) attached to H1 and M5 charts.

I expect the H4 current advise to be more reliable in this respect than the advise on the regular version attached to an H4 chart, which in fact is 4 hours late all the time >>>> i.e. for comparison to TF's 30 down to 1 minute.

THX, John

--- 帖子 #298 ---
Oh I see. The original "current" version show only the histogram (no suggestions).

I have to add this in a v1.04b_current version ... Will do asap. Let me few hours ...

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #299 ---
Hi FF,

Attached to H4 chart is regular version 1.04, set to CLOSE=true option and Tradelevel=0. However we don't see Eurusd listed with Buy advise, yet C1>C2. What may cause this? Thanks for looking into this.

John

--- 帖子 #300 ---
Dear Thread,

I'd like to talk about basket design for a moment. If you look at any particular chart of the cluster indicator, you will initially detect what looks like randomness: a mass of undulating lines. These are, however, as we know, the ebb and flow, the amplitudes and distortions, of the forex world. There is nothing---no line here---that is not related to every other line through a multitude of factors.

A plethora of factors, frankly, in their range and complexity. A veritable riot list of factors truly beyond our ken. And so, as far as we traders are concerned, what we're facing is a type of "controlled" randomness. I say, "control" because there does exist a fundamental relationship between these lines. And that "control" and that randomness can, I believe, be captured profitably through basket trading in the sense that basket trading allows you to transcend the noise of the market with its scattershot approach. Jokingly, you could even call basket trading "group therapy" for currency pairs since they are all present in a portfolio to help each other out. But to capture the randomness without the control is dangerous. It is that "control" which puts a floor on the basket's risk. To say it in simpler words, what you want to do is to be able to buy a basket of currency pairs in this form of stat arb which will allow you to hang in there, time-wise, long enough for the basket to swing in your favor before you get stopped out. Which in turn means that you have to be able to capture the general "rules" of that randomness. How can that be done? In the spirit of less is more, what you see on the chart are three basic currency movements:convergence of the lines from extremities, divergence of the lines from the 0 line (or thereabouts), and cross-over/unders of the lines wherever they occur, i.e. relative value plays. Hence, it should most always be possible to construct unique, "designer" baskets based on these three observations that will mitigate risk and enhance return. What would then add to the RR of any particular basket would be to consider swap rates as part of the design as well as considering a "hedged" function based on correlation and vols---but that's enough for now. Appreciate all thoughts.

Thanks very much for your attention.

Lenoxer

--- 帖子 #301 ---
John,

Look at the histograms. EUR is red and USD is red. Then no signal.

EURUSD isn't the only pair involved in the calculation of the individual currency strength.

Hope that make sense.

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #302 ---
Hi... here is my approach with CCFp indicator. I combine and setup CCFp_diff-[v.1.0.3_current] with my style. Here are the setup:

MA = 0 (SMA)

Price = 6 (HLCC/4)

D1   - Fast = 1  ; Slow = 5   ==> Weekly Trend

H4   - Fast = 1  ; Slow = 6   ==> Daily Trend

H1   - Fast = 1  ; Slow = 8   ==> 8 Hours Trend

M30 - Fast = 1  ; Slow = 8   ==> 4 hours Trend

M15 - Fast = 1  ; Slow = 8   ==> 2 Hours Trend

M5  -  Fast =1   ; Slow = 6   ==> 30 Minutes Trend

My base trend is Weekly Trend, represent by SMA 1 and SMA 5 on D1. So, i use the other indicators to help me predict where is turning point will start... using regression linear indicator with Standard Deviation 1 to 3. CCFp indicator that were set on those TF help me to find the best ENTRY point... I think it's simple and hope it's help...

KG

--- 帖子 #303 ---
Attached! Current version with suggestions.

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #304 ---
GBPUSD:

--- 帖子 #305 ---
Thank you FerruFx.... i want to ask you made it before but i shame on you. Lucky, somebody ask you for this hehehehehehehehe thank you...

KG

--- 帖子 #306 ---
Since the market opened, it seems to work well. Did you noticed something wrong? Thanks for your feedback.

I think this feature is very usefull to know if trades can be entered right away. We now know before the theoric 15mins delay that all the pairs involved in the CCFp calculation received their first tick for the new bar. So the histograms and suggestions are fixed and valid for the entire bar (TF selected in the input of course).

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #307 ---
FerruFx

--- 帖子 #308 ---
You are right. I'd forgotten about that. I have to think it over now how to implement your indicators in my trade setups. THX, John

--- 帖子 #309 ---
FerruFx got a Q. When I take out 4 currencies which are not with my broker does that have an effect to the all over strength caculation of the other currencies ??

--- 帖子 #310 ---
No effect at all.

Please use the correct wordings: pairs / currencies

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #311 ---
Hi FerruFx,

I wonder, how you actually check this?

--- 帖子 #312 ---
Secret sauce !!!

More seriously, if you are a coder you will find the solution easily. Just think about what tell you that a new bar has just started? As simple as this.

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #313 ---
Pipo  I use any level when I trade MTF. There is no minumum level; as long as all 4 time frames agree I place an order. I have not lost one trade. You do not get them every 4 hours but I want a high probability on trades. CJD

--- 帖子 #314 ---
Good afternoon CJD,

Went back a couple of pages to see if you had contributed in more detail how you do the MTF....... couldn't find it. Would be much obliged if you would share your method in detail with us.

THX in advance, John

--- 帖子 #315 ---
Monday 4:00 am candle on FXDD

Using FerruFX indi ccfp-diff_v1.03

Trade level 2

Reversed the signals

Closed at +340 pips

--- 帖子 #316 ---
Cfp Diff V1.04b by making bar as true gives better judgment about the trend

with all time frames in one chart

Just my observation

--- 帖子 #317 ---
I took two trades .One on IBFX at 10Pm Central time.Used v1.03 Level1 and reversed signals. Still in hole by about 200 pips.( the mistake ,I did not follow my own rule. I did not wait for TWO completed 4 hr bar.)

2nd trade on Alpari, same  as above.

The reason Sandys trade worked is probably due to have had TWO completed 4 hr Bar.

thanks

Kris

--- 帖子 #318 ---
Just doing a quick look see comparison it looks like with the 1.04 indicator you would have been better off to trade the signals as they were given.

--- 帖子 #319 ---
Hi Ferrufx,

I was looking at my 60 minute EURUSD chart and noticed that the CCFp-Diff [v1.04] had the EUR selling, "0" trade level, using MA's. The CCFp-Diff [v1.04_current] isn't showing a sell. It appears that the "0" candle's price is below the "1" candle's close price.  Not sure why we are not getting agreement between indicators.

--- 帖子 #320 ---
The Current and the Standard version doesn't show the same result on the Histograms. So the suggestions can't be the same.

The current can't show a sell as both EUR and USD are green.

Please remember that not only the pair you're looking at is involved in the calculation. EACH currency (not pair) need 7 pairs to determine its strength.

FerruFx

PS: it would be great if everybody read all the posts. All this was explained many times already. Ozziedave, please don't take it personaly!

--- 帖子 #321 ---
CFPV1.04 current Bar Value True has provided me a good insight of overbought and over sold situation

I did a reversal of contract on GMT 16 candle

Looks promising

I am using level 11 in the new version

--- 帖子 #322 ---
Did 2 more trades.Both in postive.The trades I mentioned in my previous post also turned positive this AM.

So far the hit rate towards Profit is 100%.

I want to continue watching the setup for whole week and then Go Live.

I feel that trading recommendation as generated by by v1.04 indicator seems to be pretty good.Thanks to Ferrufx.

Guys/gals,

This system is almost close to Holy Grail. Just follow signals and trade.Dont make too many changes.

Thanks

Kris

--- 帖子 #323 ---
I reversed the 8:00 trades as well.  currently negative but will hold and wait.

Sandy

--- 帖子 #324 ---
Kris are you trading the 1,04 signals as given?  Or are you reversing them?

Thanks.

Sandy

--- 帖子 #325 ---
Sandy,

I am reversing the one that says"Pairs to be reversed" and the rest same as the signal.

thanks

Kris

--- 帖子 #326 ---
Please could you attached the latest v of the CCFp-Diff that Kris

is useing and plz i knwo it's an annoying request how i can use it

a chart will help a lot

Thanx to you all

--- 帖子 #327 ---
ES are you using the bar or ma type?

--- 帖子 #328 ---
At the Best:

Please read the thread.

--- 帖子 #329 ---
Great advice !!!

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #330 ---
Supersub.

Try both and see what works for YOU.

Kris

--- 帖子 #331 ---
ok, thanks.

--- 帖子 #332 ---
cjd,  so you're doing it like the attached -- just waiting for all agreed?  I tried that last week a bit, but sometimes it's hard to quickly see which ones are in agreement.

One MTF indi would be nice.

--- 帖子 #333 ---
ES Trader, what level did you use? Thank you

--- 帖子 #334 ---
thanks Kris.

Sandy

--- 帖子 #335 ---
When a tread is closed out. It seams that any of the attachments are gone and can't be downloaded

Is this true??

I stared following "part1" last Friday and saw it went to a part 2. Some of the things in part 1 I still wanted.

I wanted to get started on this system today but lost my train of thought. This is a very very good system and thanks to ES for it but I started to do it on my home computer and now I'm at work and wanted to update it but it seams I can't So all I want to know is it true that I can't get at part 1 files or is it something else

Thanks

--- 帖子 #336 ---
Does any one here know about a script or EA that will send an order in stealth mode. In otherwords the broker will not know there is an order waiting.Thanks.

kris

--- 帖子 #337 ---
CJ in your screen shot I couldn't see Audchf in any of the time frames. And AJ was a buy in one and a sell in another TF. So I'm confused. Sounds like a good strategy but maybe you had wrong screen shot?

Thanks

Sandy

--- 帖子 #338 ---
Nubchai,

It was my screenshot, not CJ's.  I turned AUDCHF off because my broker doesn't have it.  And he was talking about earlier trades in which case AJ was a buy, but it's not now.

I showed the screenshot just to ask him if that's how he has it set up.

--- 帖子 #339 ---
Ohhhh!  Thanks Ben.   Sorry CJ.  I misread the message,  My bad.

Sandy

--- 帖子 #340 ---
Hi everyone. Here`s some answers to questions. First my screen shot was just to show the 4 FerruFX indicators. I did not have all pairs showing. Second I am using FerruFX CCFp-Diff_[v1.03]  indicator but I am sure his latest version would work the same. Third I always trade when the new 4 hour candle opens and ALL 4 Time frames are in line. If I dont see any pairs that fit requirements I do not trade. Somebody suggested to wait around until all 4 indicators match then place a trade. That might be a good idea. I hope this helps. I am trying to keep this simple and profitable. It is working for me. I would like to thank again ESTrader and FerruFX for all their  efforts. cjd

--- 帖子 #341 ---
trade on alpari at 9 at CTime worked good as well.

Now I have a trade on IBFX at 11 Central time.The v1.04 did not give any reverse recommendation.Lets see what happens. I am still not clear why sometimes there is a recommendation to reverse on some currencies and on some none. May be ferrufx can elighten us.

Thanks

Kris

--- 帖子 #342 ---
My 8:00 am candle trades all went south.

Roughly 10% drawdown on fxdd demo

I reversed the signals on the ferrufx 1.03 indicator.

It worked for the 4:00 candle but not the 8:00

Sandy

--- 帖子 #343 ---
I lost about -600 pips on the last reversal trade. It was down for all 4 hours. First loss in several days. Paris

--- 帖子 #344 ---
Could somebody tell me what is the difference between usage of

trading level 1 and 2 in FF indicator !??

--- 帖子 #345 ---
Paris was that the 8:00 am or 12 noon candle,

I lost -500 pips on the 8:00 candle on demo   I also reversed the trades.

Sandy

--- 帖子 #346 ---
Trade I took at Ibfx also went into positive.So far today it is 100% .

kris

--- 帖子 #347 ---
here it is

--- 帖子 #348 ---
CJD so you would look to see which pairs agree in H4, H1, M30 and M15?  For example EJ is a buy in all 4 timeframes so you place the buy.

If this is true how many trades are you placing per day with this sysetem?  I would think quite low.

Thanks,

Sandy

--- 帖子 #349 ---
Again.....what is the difference of using trade level 1 or 2?

Can I set it to 13....i like that number

--- 帖子 #350 ---
ES trader can i know how long u usually hold your trades once you open them?

--- 帖子 #351 ---
I could tell you, but wouldn't using that indicator go against your user title?

Look in the original ES Trader RSI thread #531.

--- 帖子 #352 ---
Another trade on alpari at 1 C time:

--- 帖子 #353 ---
Up +60 and +70 on AUD/CHF and AUD/JAP on latest 4 hour candle using MTF FerruFX. I look at all possible currencies at 4 hour candle.

--- 帖子 #354 ---
I don't know about some others, but I'm confused with this reversal thing. I see ES took trades that are shown on the new V1.04b indicator that showed "pairs to be reversed" and took them as shown; whereas I would think they should have been taken opposite of what was shown. I compared some of the "reversals" to the version 3 of the indicator, and indeed many of the pairs shown as buys on the 4 hour chart were shown as sells on the ver4 indicator.

Using the ver3 indicator, I took trades shortly after the open of the 16:00 bar on several pairs on IBFX where the 4 hour, one hour and 30 minute bar agreed. In only one case, on the USD/CAD, the 15 minute bar also agreed, and oddly enough that was one of the few pairs that lost. I closed out all trades a half hour ago by mistake tinkering with the CloseAtEquityAmount EA and made about 160 pips. As of now, I would be up 200 pips.

Had I used the reversal indicator, I would have lost. So, I am very confused at this point.

--- 帖子 #355 ---
Can anyone think of a reason why I cannot load any of FurruFX indicators onto my charts past version .02. I'mloading them into my indicator folder and restarting the program. It shows up in the custom indicator list but will not load. the journal reads:

2008.10.20 13:39:03 Custom indicator CCFp-Diff_[v1.04] GBPUSD,H1: removed

Please help!

--- 帖子 #356 ---
This is where Ibfx trades are now

--- 帖子 #357 ---
You probably are loading 2 indicators and you have to go to the parameters,  indicator_id_number and put a 2 there.

--- 帖子 #358 ---
i definetly think that one of the next 'extras' for the indicator that would actually be usefull is making the indicator show only pairs that have accordance in all time frames on the 4h candle open. i.e. same suggestion on the 15m/30m/1h/4h  when 4h candle opens.

--- 帖子 #359 ---
Wow ... BenQ, SteveHopwood and ESTrader on one thread ... guess I need to start reading!!

Back in business...

Gnat - Matt

--- 帖子 #360 ---
Didn't work!  It's funny I can't load any think past ver .02 on three different chart from two different brokers.

thanks

--- 帖子 #361 ---
Lol, doesn't mean the system's any good.

--- 帖子 #362 ---
But the odds are very much in favour of "good system" with that set of participants! LOL²

--- 帖子 #363 ---
Mitch,

Are you using Build 218 of Metatrader?  If not try upgrading.

The only other thing I can think of is to delete all of the old Ferrufx indicators and load just the one you want into the indicators folder.

Good luck!

Sandy

--- 帖子 #364 ---
Sometimes restarting the MT4 platform and using a fresh chart will do the trick.

--- 帖子 #365 ---
Classic!

--- 帖子 #366 ---
???

If you are not interested - be on your way! Sorry to disturb the thread - I just wanted to greet a handful of friends.

--- 帖子 #367 ---
Come on dude, I'm just having a laugh.

I do like your theory though...

--- 帖子 #368 ---
I haven't read but more than a page of any of these RSI based systems....

I can say through my own research that trading purely RSI would have been profitable for several years in a row with certain pairs...

I may actually read some of the posts here, in order to learn things I didn not think of yet.

--- 帖子 #369 ---
What is TG and ES

Thanks

--- 帖子 #370 ---
Closed IBFX trade from 4 hrs ago for +410pips.

Opened trade again with new 4 hr bar signals .Already in positive.

--- 帖子 #371 ---
Hi Kris,

Which version of Ferru Indicator are you using?

What level is it set to?

i noticed the market is ranging, did you do reverse trade?

--- 帖子 #372 ---
Gnat,

Welcome, my friend.  There's a lot of basket threads lately, and ES has a nice twist here -- and the indis created have been top notch.

--- 帖子 #373 ---
Kris, need a minor refresh for my gray matter, my ATM machine dried up today, lost in the 1hr, 4hr and day systems I was playing.  Baskets are great when your winning and hell when your losing.

--- 帖子 #374 ---
Watch Out Everybody, I started getting JUNK private messages with how I can convert $1 to Zillion in 20 minutes. I guess that means we are attracting all kinds of loonies.

We MUST be really getting Famous with our system.LOL

--- 帖子 #375 ---
I have HeatMap for free. It coded another forum.

http://i30.tinypic.com/nwh8pl.gif

--- 帖子 #376 ---
That was anther rough session. It took over 3.5 hours to make almost +190 pips using the reversal on FXDD. Paris

--- 帖子 #377 ---
Your Own statement says it all. I still can not figure out why every one wants MTF signals. Why in the world one wants to trade 4 hr looking at 5 minute when you are actually trading MULTI currency and its relation to each other.

This system is looking at interrelationship with one another. In otherwords when one currency is getting stronger otherone is getting weaker, BUT this is happening not just for ONE pair but across MULTIPLE pairs.

My friend, stick to basics.JUst use Ferrufx V1.04 ( created by one of the BEST Programmer I have ever known) on 4 hr chart .Start with mini account and Dont forget to put stop loss and build your account slowly.

That's it. Very simple.Let's not make our life more complicated .

Kris

--- 帖子 #378 ---
Dear Kris

what is the one you are useing :

V1.04 ?

V1.04b ?

--- 帖子 #379 ---
Inserted Video

this guy do something similar sucessfully

--- 帖子 #380 ---
Thanks for the video. But I can do everything that Video says one  can do(I hope I understood it right by looking at the video.I did not understand the language, sorry) rignt in my GOOD OLD OF USA. LOL

Thanks

--- 帖子 #381 ---
Yeah Kris, I am playing 3 individual systems a 1hr (no MTF) a 4hr and a daily all using FF's indicator, all 3 systems lost around 700 each.  You mentioned early you were reversing the signals as Paris.  Are you taking your trades 15 minutes after the bar opens?  Unless someone strikes the grail with MTF I don't use them.

--- 帖子 #382 ---
I am still wondering about using reverse signals...have there been any rules on doing this yet?

Are you doing all straight signals now or some reverse?(I saw in the past you did some reverse, but are you doing now?

I think using lower timeframe signals to time the direction of the closed 4hr bar could be useful.

--- 帖子 #383 ---
Have been trading the reverse signal most of the day. Below is my trade from the 4:00 hour, I did not wait the full 15 minutes to place the trade. It's been a little up and down, but the last few hours have been pretty good - taking $100 and running.

--- 帖子 #384 ---
Sorry to disappoint you, but if you think this is what the heat map does then you are mistaken, not even close this is showing you which direction the pair is going in differnet time frames consolidated on one chart. This has nothing to do with the heat map or the subject here.

--- 帖子 #385 ---
If I missed the answer here I apologize in advance.

I am checking out v4b and notice that it is not showing the same pairs as recommended to trade (not just a reverse signal - the pair does not show up) in one version and does in the other.

for example EURUSD is a SELL in V3 set for daily and does not appear on the daily chart on v4b. same trade level, not using bar on v4b - why the difference?

--- 帖子 #386 ---
is there a template here for getting the indicator for the mulitple time frames? having problems getting it move over correctly

--- 帖子 #387 ---
Go to parameters and move it in the "X" direction

--- 帖子 #388 ---
ES, or anyone. Attached are charts of the version 4b, and version 3. Are you saying the best trades are probably the reversal trades shown on version 4b? It looks like ES did take most of the version4 trades shown, according to the chart you posted. But, another person posted his trades that were reversals, which were completely different.

--- 帖子 #389 ---
trades 1h ago

--- 帖子 #390 ---
At Best, please remove your chart and repost it using the manage attatchment button in the advanced section below your edit area. Just load it as a file. the way you have done it make the screen very hard to scroll.

--- 帖子 #391 ---
smjones

Done

Sorry for the previous posting

--- 帖子 #392 ---
Thanks a lot.

Now if we could get the other one from that other person, but he has no access anymore... Oh well.. lol thanks again.

--- 帖子 #393 ---
John,

I realize your template may not be entirely to do with this system, but in looking it over on the two pairs I have it on, it certainly seems pretty accurate. WIll have to definitely keep an eye on it.

--- 帖子 #394 ---
Anyone got success in using version 1.04b ?? Please do share your trading results....thanks.

--- 帖子 #395 ---
i'm using 1.04 on ibfx. A new 4hr cycle just started 15 mins ago. After about 20 mins, it is still saying pair refresh. Why ? Is it becoz of USDCAD not moving ?

--- 帖子 #396 ---
FerruFX....Great indicators!!!!  Thank you very much!!!

The latest version 1.04b(current)...this one updates on the current bar, correct?  So it will change as the current bar changes?

version 1.04(non current) just shows results for the last closed bar, right?

Just trying to get this straight in my own head....thank you

--- 帖子 #397 ---
Dear Forexharry, I'll keep it short as I don't like to waste to much of my time on replying to a post such as yours.
Reading through some of your post at FF I can say your contribution to the forex community  so far has been  O . If anything you are more a spruiker ( http://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/spruiker) than a trader.
From your first post in this thread one can assume, as there are no people out there with ideas or programmers with passion and that "your Holy Grail" software you referring to in almost every post and only available at … fell out of the sky or did someone pay a programmer to write it.
And for the chances that you are a professional trader I would rather take my chances at Vegas.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #398 ---
3.5hours into trade, light trading. Some small profits of about +180 pips taken. Reverse trades on ferrufx v.1.03. Paris

--- 帖子 #399 ---
Looks like it takes forever to refresh

--- 帖子 #400 ---
Sorry, but I don't understand how the "close all positions" mq4 file is used. I have it downloaded into my indicator file, is that wrong? It won't attach to a file so I'm assuming I'm trying to us it completely wrong? Could I get some help from someone? Just a simple idea of what I need to do.

Thanks to all. The system seems fantastic so far and results have been positive but need to work with it a bit.

PipHunter

--- 帖子 #401 ---
This is mine

--- 帖子 #402 ---
greeting bro..

where can i get the heat map shown in your chart.. if it available for free... ...  thanks..

--- 帖子 #403 ---
I think that would have to go into the script folder

--- 帖子 #404 ---
It was explained in the post where the v1.04 was posted.

If the level is set to a certain level, it consider that > or = to it, the market is trending so NO REVERSE. Below the level it consider the market is ranging so REVERSE suggested.

If you want all suggestions reverse, so set the level to 11.

Hope that make sense.

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #405 ---
Level is the number of colored squares you have in the histogram table.

The pairs to trade are suggested only for currencies = or above the level you set.

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #406 ---
Thanks Pipo....do I need to know anything else for using it or will it be pretty easy to figure out?

PipHunter

--- 帖子 #407 ---
Yes. Definitively in my ToDo list but it is a big work and I need time to do. So be patient. It might take days before this release to be coded.

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #408 ---
j84 2,  I suggest you delete and re-instal the indicator again. Mine it only took about 20 seconds to refresh on the M15 TF.

--- 帖子 #409 ---
Thanks Kris ...

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #410 ---
Just colsed the last 4H trades with +560 pips

and just started a new 4H trade

--- 帖子 #411 ---
Your are using 2 different indicators and you want the same suggested trades.

If you followed the thread, you certainly know that the v4b_current version use the current bar and the v3 use the previous. So don't expect the same results.

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #412 ---
The refresh is done when all 7 pairs involved in the CCFp calculation received their own first tick for the bar (TF settled in the inputs).

And yes if USDCAD isn't moving, the refresh isn't complete.

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #413 ---
Thanks for your kind words.

And yes you're right for all points!

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #414 ---
Nice numbers... i'm up 300+ pip using same settings but i didn't trade all pairs so missed some pips!

Using v1.04b_current at 240TF set to Level 3.... Market is ranging so i reversed pairs...

--- 帖子 #415 ---
geeve

i am using diff strategy because the broker is diff that what u have guys

my strategy is :reversing al suggestion that comes in the reversed pairs

--- 帖子 #416 ---
I don't have that script just on my platform so I can't tell you I suggest to run a few tests on  a demo.

--- 帖子 #417 ---
yes, this is the same strategy we are all using...

So, for example, Ferru indicators shows Eur/Usd as Buy with "Reversal Symbol" you are selling, correct?

--- 帖子 #418 ---
I suspected it was something I missed - thanks for taking the time to answer - I really do appreciate your passion/efforts - especially that you would take the time to calrify something you already made clear.

--- 帖子 #419 ---
You're welcome.

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #420 ---
Can someone give me a link to the latest version of the indicator. Also when do you trade with the indicator or when do you pull a "paris"? Is there a filter that is in the indicator that does it automatically or is this a personal thing. i would assume you trade with when its trending and against when its choppy. Thanks again for the response.

-Sterling

--- 帖子 #421 ---
I've never used a script before. I have compiled them, but I was wondering if it was easy to explain how to use the "close all orders" script that is offered in this thread. I downloaded it into my indicators/scripts file and closed/re-opened the platform so it would compile it. It's in navigator, when I command it to execute, it gives me the tones every few seconds as if it's closing files but it's not. I didn't know if you could tell what I might be doing wrong.

I can't help but think everyone is using this script to close all orders at once. Perhaps there's just as easy a way to close them all at once??

Thanks for you time!

PipHunter

--- 帖子 #422 ---
You can find the lastest indicators by clicking on the paperclip shown at the top of each pages of this thread.

If you want to filter the reversed trades suggestions, just set the Level with a number you're comfortable with. Equal or above will be No Reversed, below will be reversed assuming the level is the borderline ranging/trending.

Then follow the Gold sign signaling the pairs to be reversed.

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #423 ---
I assume by "level" you mean the trade level? So I would set it to a negative number? I used to use "2" on trade level so I would use "-2" to have something comparable that will also have reversal signals? Thanks again!

-Sterling

--- 帖子 #424 ---
For every start of a new 4hr candle, there is 50% chance it will be red and 50% chance green candle. FF indicator increase the chance of the %, I think we need statistic over a period of time to find out what is the winning % of each pair and winning % trading the basket with different setting.

Forex is a game of chance. Right now, we can only forward test which need at least a few months from now to get the statistic. If there is a way to back test this indicator it would surely bring FF indicator to the next level.

--- 帖子 #425 ---
Why do you want put a negative number? This Trade_Level correspond of the colored squares in the histogram table.

If you want filter to reverse with a level 2, set "Use.Reverse.Suggestions" to 'true' and you'll then receive suggestion to reverse on pairs with currencies = or above to 2 in the histo table.

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #426 ---
Any multi-pairs indicator/EA can't be backtested. The MT4 strategy tester is limited to the pair you attach the EA/indicator on.

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #427 ---
Hi PH

Please be sure the 'allow live trades' is selected in the general inputs.

If that don't work I do have a 'close all pending and open orders' script that does work. (it doesn't work 'all at once' as you are decsribing rather it closes all trades one by one in a quick manner")

--- 帖子 #428 ---
Hi geeve,

Your indicator(With lots of numbers) as shown in your chat looks nice.

Can you share this indicator out ?

--- 帖子 #429 ---
@ FurruFX - Hello, just wondering, since you have the great feature of "trade levels" can you add on your indicator each currency weather they are + or -, please. So maybe at the bottom of the main chart put the strong and weak currencies, just like what the moded ccfp indicators do but they don't have trade levels so they are different of course when the TL changes. Thank you

--- 帖子 #430 ---
I'm sure it's just my system, but Look at the pic below. I have levels set at 3 and the ink well shows mostly level 1 and I'm gettting a full list of trade recommendations that should be. I have reset, restarted, reloaded.

--- 帖子 #431 ---
IF set to trade level 1 there will be many trades avaliable.....

--- 帖子 #432 ---
Why don't you look at the colored histo table? If the Level is set to 3, all currencies RED with a number higher than 2 are "-" and all currencies Green with a number higher than 2 are "+".

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #433 ---
All seems to be fine. In your 15/30/60 TFs, with level 3 all suggested pairs are reversed because all currencies in the histo tables are below your level.

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #434 ---
Ok, now I get it. Thanks for the explaination.

Mitch

--- 帖子 #435 ---
That is the Orest indicator and can be found at the following link:

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=112522

I use the Orest indicator to tell me if the market is ranging or trending.

There are 4 "T" values at the bottom of the 4 hour Column in the Orest indicator.

The last "T" value represents the total for the timeframe and gives you overall direction.

Ranging MarketIf Orest indicator shows T value on H4 timeframe between -80<T<+80, then market is ranging Place reverse trades that FerruFX indicator shows Trending MarketIf Orest indicator shows T value on H4 timeframe where T>+80 or T<-80, then market is trending Place normal trades that FerruFX indicator shows This is by no means cut in stone, it is just something that i have been testing...

Ferru indicator v1.04 takes into account ranging/trending markets, but i still like to double check with Orest indicator...

Geeve

--- 帖子 #436 ---
Jessssssssssssss ( I shame on you... request so many thing)

OK.. I have read all the documentations about Cluster project (CCFp) and found that CCFp is a Trend Following Indicator and for signal they use CC indicator. CC is very sensitive and quickly reacts on the price movements.

I attached CC file that i have already modified the MA period input only, i change all period to 3 and 5 for all TF. I found that the calculation on CC will give us more accurate suggestion on your indicator.

So, could you make another indicator as CCFp-diff but the calculation is base on CC file... Please don't do it if you still not get enough sleep... hehehehehehe

Thank You,

KG

--- 帖子 #437 ---
Just checking to see if Ronald is checking out the new thread - I am having a problem with the Cross EA (not picking up strength signals and therefore has stopped trading) and am wondering if you are thinking of adding an option by which the user could call for straight or reverse trading.

If you are it would be great (as is par for the course with your work).

thanks

--- 帖子 #438 ---
Sorry but we need to focus on the initial strategy here.

I can't mod the coding with any indicator requested by all members. I will have 100s of requests based on 100s differents indicators!!!!! This isn't the strategy ...

If really needed, PM me and we will talk about this elsewhere. This is offtopic here.

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #439 ---
OK.. thank you

I'm sorry to bother you... and all member here,,,

KG

--- 帖子 #440 ---
Oh great, thanks Antdante9! I'll try it in the morning...heading out for the some zzzz until US session. Could you post yours in case I can't get this one to work? Thanks for your help, happy pippin

PipHunter

--- 帖子 #441 ---
I'm here, don't worry. I'm trying to figure out how to get the EA to determine whether or not the market is ranging and to reverse, or is trending, and to trade with the recommendation.

--- 帖子 #442 ---
This thread grow very fast, I miss this part, which post mentioning about how to see ranging/trending on Ferru indicator?

--- 帖子 #443 ---
Hi Geeve,

There are 4 indicators:

T101_v1.12 orest.mq4

T101_Ancho Signals Orest v1.01.mq4

T101_v1.13 orest.mq4

T101_v1.14 orest.mq4

Which one do you use?

And where can i find FerruFX indicator also ?

Cause i can't find in this thread.

--- 帖子 #444 ---
See FerruFX Post#405

--- 帖子 #445 ---
i use T101_v1.14 orest.mq4

FerruFX indicator is in this thread, click on paperclip at top right of your screen....

--- 帖子 #446 ---
If you can't find it ... it's because you didn't read the thread ...

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #447 ---
Hi Geeve,

I got the FerruFX. Thanks so much.

But if i put T101_v1.14 orest.mq4 in Folder:Experts, i can't get the same chart as what you have shown us in previous post.

Do you know what went wrong ?

--- 帖子 #448 ---
of course you're here.  BECAUSE YOU ARE A GODLEN GOD!

ok - I'll go back to work now.

--- 帖子 #449 ---
Day One Trading

Time One hour  140 pip +

Set Up

CFP Diff 1.04 current with Bar value as true and  Level 0

Traded all currency as per the signal except  EUR/AUD Reversed

--- 帖子 #450 ---
I  tried to modified this indicator to show the result of the last bar.

I'm not a coder and I do not know if I did right.

Now the indicator refresh very quickly and shows the changes of the currencies quickly. Try it on MTF.

Maybe some coder can verified if I did right.

Thanks.

Lubo

--- 帖子 #451 ---
I wonder if anybody using FerruFX's indicators has taken the time to observe the changes (as FF suggested to do) on the diagram during one whole trading day ? If you haven't done that..... I strongly advise you to do that. Use the latest current version and watch carefully what is happening on the H4 coloured diagram...... how often levels change here !!!!!!!

Well I have done that yesterday and here is what I have seen happening. You can also verify this on the H1 chart at the bottom.
There have been 2 breakouts yesterday out of the most important zone on any trading day on any currency pair........the yellow-purple zone. One break up and one break down.

Using the CCFp-Diff_[v1.04].ex4 indicator on that day would have been the same thing as tossing a coin when your wave for a basket trade would start.
What you first of all have to take into account here is, that this indicator used on an H4 chart will show you the wave results of bars C2-C1, which means that you are dealing with wave results that are late between at least half an hour and 1 hour. However they may be LATE by more than that when you would start your basket trade.

I agree that everything in life as well as in trading comes in waves and using CCFp-Diff_[v1.04].ex4 (regular version) you may just be lucky to have adapted at the right time to a right repetitive wave, but there will be plenty times you won't have done that. The bigger the intervals (H4 chart) the more lucky you may be to just ride a wave succesfully. The smaller the wave (M30, M15, etc) the lower that succes rate will be.

That is exactly what we see happening here in this thread all the time....one day huge wins..... the next day the same trader reports huge losses. As a result of that he decides to ride the wave the other way around and reverses all his trades.......... Just pure common sense should make you awake and tell you something is dead wrong trading this way.

Are you getting the picture? I hope so, because when reading earlier posts again in this thread and the previous thread I now understand what several experienced traders tried to warn us for....... I remember one of them telling us before.......... You are tossing a coin here..... and I admit....... He was right.

So the only way riding the wave correctly is.....You have to time it before you can surf it.......

Therefore the only way this trading system can be made succesful, producing consistant results........ will be by using CCFp-Diff_[v1.04b_current].ex4.
As such you will have to draw your conclusions from multiple timeframes (H4, H1 and M30)...... otherwise in a trading system like this where results add up cumulative you will be wet before you know it.

BTW have you all made the great breakout productive.......... starting off of today's yellow line (Day's Open) and passing first Target line to the downside ????? This has been a great trade setup riding a wave to the downside using CCFp-Diff_[v1.04b_current].ex4 !!!!!!!!!!!

May the pips be with you and have a nice day,
John

--- 帖子 #452 ---
Couldn't agree more.

--- 帖子 #453 ---
To all.

I think it would be useful if some coder could include in this indicator the percentage change in the value of individual currencies.

Should also be fixed the error that when you choose to show just a few currencies, it continues to show them all so confused.

Thanks.

Lubo

--- 帖子 #454 ---
John Edwards,

I appreciate your posts/analysis.  Did you enter when price crossed the red line?  Sorry if this is something I should know....I can delete this post.

Thanks to all for a great thread and indicators

Andy

--- 帖子 #455 ---
Yes, but this is only checks the specific pairs that you put in the 7 X 7 list. If you put different currency pairs then you will get different results. We need to find an indicator that checks the individual currencies or find the right pairs that only deal with the main currencies we are dealing with.

--- 帖子 #456 ---
Ok, thanks man. Got it.

--- 帖子 #457 ---
Dear FerruFx

Is it Possible to make the CCFp-Diff_[v1.04b_current].ex4 shows what are the pairs that have the same suggestions for the 4H , 1H , 30H , 15M or al least 3 of them?

With all respect,
Danny

--- 帖子 #458 ---
No I missed it, for I was away at that moment. However it is a trade completely by the book. An experienced trader would immediately have noticed the 1-2-3 setup and crossing of the deeppink-support line. To see in detail how you could have taken this 50 pips SELL in detail you go down to the M5 chart, which I attached here for you.

I also have a copy of the 1-2-3 trade setup system attached. It is freely distributed by Marc Crisp..... so I see no harm it to attach it here for you.

The breakthrough of 1 of the 4 lines in my pivot system represents the best trading setups during the day (where most of the time all currency pairs make big moves) . Therefore I believe this certainly must be the case for the basket trades regarding the trading sytem of this thread.

I will be away for the rest of the day. Hope this helps you, John

--- 帖子 #459 ---
PH, these are EA"S  not scripts or indicators.  I don't use that one to often but it works great.

--- 帖子 #460 ---
I was around -2100 on 3 individual systems which uses a semi-martingale 4 long sequence but kept playing the system. This morning I awake to a +600 and all system have been closed by "close at equity amount" EA. I was reversing all of FF's signals and lost my 4 long sequence several times, I just kept trading the signals. I really like this close at equity amount EA. Haven't figured out to live play the 1hr, 4hr or daily system I playing, with the daily system I'm not glued to the screen. Luv the basket trading when it works, hate the basket when it's losing.

--- 帖子 #461 ---
I didn't trade as much yesterday but that remains my question.  The entry crteria still seem uncertain.    People said the market was trending yesterday yet some reversed trades didn't work.  I had a 4 am reversed trade yesterday that worked great and an  8 am reversed trade that bombed.   Until we can define specific entry conditions using thiss system live is a bit like Russian Roulette.  that said I really do like the basket approach.

Sandy

--- 帖子 #462 ---
on 21/10/2008 after the us session I sold all the currencies and no reason for that.Today Just after the starting of us session  I saw the Account all positive.

I also noticed in CFF 1.4 current on daily histogram US $ and JPY is in  strong position

Now i reversed the order for all currencies as buy

I have not looked into the maximum draw down for the contracts closed

--- 帖子 #463 ---
Statment attached

I dont whether it is fluke

--- 帖子 #464 ---
For me I'm on California time and I traded the 6am canlde, the 10,2,and 6 candles. 3 out of 4 candles the reverse method was successful but it was a struggle on every one. Last week i grabbed great profit within the first 90 minutes. Yesterday it usually took 3-3.5 hours to get small profit from it. I'm going to cut my losses at about -480 pips and use that as a stop loss. Paris

--- 帖子 #465 ---
Closed the 6 am candle with about +235 pips with all reverse trades on v.1.03 set to level 0. Now i got time to do other things before the 10am candle. Paris

--- 帖子 #466 ---
here you go

--- 帖子 #467 ---
John Edwards "Therefore the only way this trading system can be made succesful, producing consistant results........ will be by using CCFp-Diff_[v1.04b_current].ex4.

As such you will have to draw your conclusions from multiple timeframes (H4, H1 and M30)...... otherwise in a trading system like this where results add up cumulative you will be wet before you know it."
Are you saying that the best trades would be when 3 or 4 time frames agree, and take only those pairs?
On your trade shown on the chart, which was a short on the EUR/USD, the 60 minute chart showed it as a BUY. Your system and chart (which looks very good) showed it as a sell. Were you following your own system on that trade, or the ES Trader system?
I have been confused on this reversal thing since it was mentioned, and I don't really think anyone as yet has come up with any clear answers as to when to use it, except to determine when the entire basket = entire market, is trending, to use the regular system, and when it's not, do a reversal.
What started as a relatively simple system has become confusing and complicated with some doing reversals and some not, and some taking only trades that only have 4 time frames in agreement, whereas the system originator says to only use the 4 hour time frame.
Your system seems to work fine independent of this one, and I'm having trouble finding how you used on the EUR/USD trade referred to, when the CCP called for the opposite trade.

--- 帖子 #468 ---
No one is interested in making these changes?

If u see the indicator rapidly refresh and if someone can added the % change

of value of any single currencies ad open from open bar we can see esily the direction of currincy at any TF.

Nobody thinks that might be useful?

I would be very grateful to those who are interested in the improvement of this indicator.

thanks to all.

Lubo

--- 帖子 #469 ---
How to move other Indicators after i add them to the chart the are all above each other

--- 帖子 #470 ---
Move the value of x, + 200 each indicator, and also changes the number of indicator.

Lubo

--- 帖子 #471 ---
John Edwards........................great technical analysis and information. I hope everyone on this thread is digesting your comments and applying your suggestions.

--- 帖子 #472 ---
Thanks, LuboLabo

it's OK now

Is it Possible to make the CCFp-Diff_[v1.04b_current].ex4 shows what are the pairs that have the same suggestions for the 4H , 1H , 30H , 15M or al least 3 of them?

With all respect,
Danny

--- 帖子 #473 ---
Paradoxical,

If you refer to the BUY-SELL signals on FF's indicator..... which are not in agreement..... That is right.... However you must not forget that these readings are showing results on a completely different moment..... The chart has been saved and uploaded to the forumpage at a much later moment.

Otherwise I don't understand what you mean.....Or do you want me to upload a screenshot of that SELL moment on H4,H1 and M5 charts together in one picture? Would that better help your understanding? Even than however you won't see the readings on FF's indicator at that SELL moment, for I use the current version so readings are refreshed all the time.

Just let me know if that helps you, John

--- 帖子 #474 ---
Hi Dan,

How are you doing this? Are you using v.1.04 and taking reverse signals when it tells you and doing straight signals when it tells you to? What broker are you using and what time are they on? GMT? Thanks, Paris

--- 帖子 #475 ---
Goodness Gracious!

I cant believe so many changes on the simple system.If we all believe FerruFX is one of the best programmer, why are we still trying to constantly mess with it and ask for more and more changes.

I have been faithfully following ,like I mentioned many times in the past,

v1.04 and trading as recommened by that Indicator (reverse when said) on 4 hr chart.I dont take trades every 4 hr since I have to sleep during european session.

Inspite of that my hit rate had been 80-90% positive.

Here are some of the examples:

--- 帖子 #476 ---
ES Trader

on the chart AUDJPY  = SELL   but you took it Buy?   other pairs are similar to it

--- 帖子 #477 ---
Hi Paris,

yes i am using the latest one

will my strategy is taking all suggestion made by the indicator the other way around if it say sell i buy if it says buy i sell am using AFB metatrader same timing of metatrader and al trade and for the past day it gave me around 2000 pips +

--- 帖子 #478 ---
This is the trade I took this AM

--- 帖子 #479 ---
ES,

Keep up faithfully following the system and posting your results here... both the good and the bad.... that way you show the emphasis for the "Keeping it Simple"  while letting the others discover thur trial and error that "Keeping it Simple" is really the best way to go....

Bruce

--- 帖子 #480 ---
Do anybody know that why i attached the expert advisor(Orest) in my chart,

i only got a black screen as per below?

Attached Image

--- 帖子 #481 ---
This is another trade I took few minutes ago. Let me what happens:

--- 帖子 #482 ---
U have to enable the EA function.

On the high bar click on the button expert advisors.

Lubo

--- 帖子 #483 ---
To all:

Please refrain from posting basic chart and indicator problems. These questions can usually be answered in the "newbies" section.  Also, please take time to read the thread(s) containing this method.  In other words do your homework before posting. Our coders are special and devote many hours for free.  Please respect their time and don't ask unless you have exhausted every avenue.  If you desire to take this method in a different direction, please start a new thread.  It is my desire and that of most of us to keep true to its originator's design (ES Trader).  Thanks for continuing to explore this method.

1Trader2

Moderator

--- 帖子 #484 ---
16:00 trade

4 hr TF

I'm IN OHIO USA ESTime using FXDD demo

ccfp-diff 104b

level 1 reverse on

orest inde checked for trend or range

up +983

just started 2nd 4hr up +80 pips

"just click it and forget it"

very easy  very simple

I love it

--- 帖子 #485 ---
Very Nice dryclean

but just for correction you open trade @ 0.2 lot .. meant each 2$ = 1Pip

means you got half of 983 pip

thats good tooo

--- 帖子 #486 ---
That's looking reall good! The new v1.04 ferrufx indicator with the reversing option sounds like it's doing real well. I'll test that strategy next week. Paris

--- 帖子 #487 ---
Hi 1Trader2,

You of all people should know that all forums are flooded by newbies and I don't mind answering their questions as long as it's basically related to the subject of the thread.

In my view that always has been the case here, because the subject is not that simple at all as it seems at first glance.

If it were a simple method more traders and newbies as well would have reported likewise consistent results, which is definitely not the case.

In fact as a group we are experimenting and trying to dig deep and get real answers why today a trader (using ESTraders System) looses 2100 pips and tomorrow ends with a profit of 600 pips. If the differences are that big I can understand that people are looking for answers...... Why and how can this happen???????

If we stop keeping to dig deep and don't want to find the answers to these items this thread will dry up soon.

Please remember that ESTrader himself got frustrated and closed down his own thread, because of all kind of questions and interpretations of other traders. He came back in this (second thread) and sort of apologized that in fact the reversed system introduced by Paris Hilton wasn't so bad after all. Why? Because he started exploring Paris's reversed system and all of a sudden came up with good results......, How could that be?

When I would come across a situation like that, I would like to know how and why? However if that is not appreciated here.......... I'll be gone......

I remember I once was a newbie asking all kind of seeminly not related or not useful... even stupid questons. However I was happy there always was someone lending a helping hand. Moreover seemingly not related questions may trigger items we had completely forgotten about...

Just let me know what is appreciated here, John

--- 帖子 #488 ---
Closed trades all on reversal with +187 pips. Paris

--- 帖子 #489 ---
There is no stupid question, only stupid answer.

--- 帖子 #490 ---
not yet closed

--- 帖子 #491 ---
Unbelievable

--- 帖子 #492 ---
John, I'm not sure if you took my post wrong, or not. I was not in any way questioning your expertise, which is readily apparent. For that matter, I would like to know a lot more about your own system that I have downloaded, as it looks excellent. It's that i was getting confused here with the different methods, which hopefully I will clear up in the following post. I very much appreciate your input.

--- 帖子 #493 ---
two more trades that wen t+ve

--- 帖子 #494 ---
"I remember I once was a newbie asking all kind of seeminly not related or not useful... even stupid questons. However I was happy there always was someone lending a helping hand. Moreover seemingly not related questions may trigger items we had completely forgotten about...

Just let me know what is appreciated here, John"

I'm a newbie and being on these forums is intimidating. I've been lurking for 6 months and have learned boat loads of info. This has to be the umpteen system (that means a lot for those of you from Southern California LOL) I've tried and this is the best so far the only question is do you reverse or not

Also what I've noticed like my current trade I started out over $1000 down but with 1hr 23 min to go I'm up $185.

But I'm hitting over 70% positive trades anything over 50% is a winner

One other point if you don't keep up with the tread. man can you get lost. I miss 2 days worth and I'm just getting caught up let alone understanding

So thanks for all your patience Like John said we were all new once
OOOPS!! now I'm down $43 but still more than an hour before the next turn

--- 帖子 #495 ---
Whereas I was confused with this system before, it all makes perfect sense now. I was an avid follower of a system invented by a guy named Brijon, which he called the Kantor system, and which evolved into his own free website. The thread contains contains over 479 pages, and would take weeks to read. Unfortunately, it was closed because Brijon simply had enough with certain people. Like some others here, he's a very exeperienced trader and retired, and didn't need to spend time on a site where people were questioning his every syllable. That being said, for anyone here that wants to trade full time, reading that thread will be very worthwhile. What he refers to there as being 0 here is the water level. Sort of like a pivot point that the pair returns to. Indicators and dashboards were developed, somewhat similar to FerruFx's awesome indiactors, that showed the distances from the water levels. When those distances became greater, that was an indication to either buy or sell. Initially, he bought a basket of pairs prior to the Wednesday interest rollover to capitalize on the interest return, but the thread evolved, as often happens, into individual and/or basket trades based on the pairs distance from the water level. What also happened is that the EURO and GBP started it's steady downward slide, so that anyone that traded based on the distance away fron the water level, or ZERO, would have gotten literally killed. The same thing would apply here. If the market is heavily trending and you're going with it, you'll make tons. IMHO, the key is to know when the market is a heavy trend, even if that trend lasts only 4 hours.

--- 帖子 #496 ---
Thank you....because I can add compound returns. I'll be using v1.04b_current.too. Maybe like this...

the premise is to garner as much pent up MOmentum with MTF approach working with closed bars (younger version)  in the higher time frames in agreement, setting the trend, and looking for the opposite color in lower time frames for the opposite color, i.e., a pullback or reversal to enter in the direction of the higher trend. Example, M.W and D are in agreement, either red or green...so 4H is the entry candle cause its the first TF with the opposite color. Seems to me, in this example we could switch to v1.04b in the 4 H TF cause maybe its going to change color before the end of the next 4Hr bar closes. That would get us in earlier on a 4H TF. Or, If the 4Hr is also in agreement with the higher TF, proceed TF by lower TF until you find the opposite color or pullback to enter with 1H, 30M 15M or 5M TF as you have pointed out with the advantage of less risk and disadvantage less reward, running into one of your 4 dotted lines. Thank you.

--- 帖子 #497 ---
Hi,

i do not want to start discussion about Brijon and his thread, but I feel that it would be fair to warn people that are now maybe motivated to read about his method,that there are many others who think otherwise . Me personally think that Brijon-s thread was disastrous failure. I believe he is nice person but he refused to take critic in his thread, which is sad, because ForexFactory strength lies in variety of very talented people who can contribute and test ideas with valid arguments. Plain and simply - his method failed and many traders who listened him lost money because he did not used Stop loss at all, and he used to add into losing trades, everything that we should be worried about first time when we see it.

Here is post that i wrote in his thread on start of August, days before big downfall

...... "However, after doing a lot of my research, i must say that i disagree with you Brian when you say that is impossible to lose if we have enough drawdown space and we are patient enough. I think this is somewhat dangerous opinion. No matter how many sucessfull Kantor trades, there will certanly come potential situation when you will enter a trade, using all Kantor method know-how, all indicators agree, serenity dashboard gives more than 100 LL drawdown, all perfect... Than you enter your trade and wait for market to turn around.... drawdown gets higher but you are patient and ready to wait..... you see that drawdown gets bigger and than you use position averaging to further stabilize position.... after few weeks you discover that point of enterance in trade was point of no return and price market will not get back to save you. Maybe it will in next 7 months but you will be dead as a trader until then. This is not made up as i have expirienced this more than once in tests.... "

After this post, I was not welcomed in the thread anymore.

One month after, i found his thread closed.

--- 帖子 #498 ---
DryClean,

I am happy you are having some positive pips.Glad to know you are happy with  this system . Stck to the basics

(please read relative strength1 by Es trader to gt basic instruction about how to trade this system).

I have been just using v1.04 of ferrufx indicator and nothing else and SO FAR it has been great.

Welcome again to this forum and hope you find what you are looking for.

Goodluck to you

Kris

--- 帖子 #499 ---
Did anyone notice that each time the indicator refreshes or we refresh it manually, it will show different buy or sell setup that differs from the first setup of the new 4hr candle.  Comments pls.

--- 帖子 #500 ---
this is another set of trades:

--- 帖子 #501 ---
I suggest now because of the subject go deep and crosses with lot of things , any explanation from member will be more clear if attaced with screenshots ..

Thanx for all

--- 帖子 #502 ---
This is one of the reason I would not want any one to try this system without putting a stop loss.

I have been using stoploss/and target amount equal to the amount of margin.

In other words if all your trades need  $100.00 margin then you put that amount as a stop loss and target profit or use one of 101,s profit lock EA.

--- 帖子 #503 ---
The trades I just entered(#post 501 above) is already in positive pips:

--- 帖子 #504 ---
Hi ES,

Are you using v1.04 or v.1.04 current? Thanks, Paris

--- 帖子 #505 ---
John,

I believe I gave you kudos a few posts back and I really value your input. You are one of our valued contributors that makes us think "outside the box." I just don't want questions like "how do I put a script on a chart, etc.?" I just want people to think about what they're posting before they do so. On the other hand, I'm a big proponent of, "there are no stupid questions." So if there are those in the thread who want to answer the simpler questions, that's fine with me. I'm pretty flexible and willing to go with the flow (as long as its going somewhere...)

As in my first post opening the thread back up, I stated that I wanted to continue to explore this method and expand on it while keeping true to its origin. That means digging deeper in trying to understand how & why it works or doesn't. I'm looking forward to continuing our discussion and your input and that of others is appreciated.

1Trader2

Moderator

--- 帖子 #506 ---
As a test I ran a basket with FF 1.04 and reversed wherever there was a suggestion to do so.  That basket is currently - $129 and seems to be moving to recovery.  But you can never tell.

I ran a second basket using FF 1.04 Current and it's around + $100.   I didn't take any reversal suggestions.

Sandy

--- 帖子 #507 ---
Hi paris.

just v1.04

--- 帖子 #508 ---
Intially I was somewhat reluctant to have an EA built on this system.But looking at the potential for this system and abilty to trade round the clock I would like to know ,whether, any one  would volunteer to build one.

I have no knowledge of programming and hence the request.

But I would like to have the following requirements if one will be built:

1.Strictly adhere to the ORIGINAL Idea as mentined in Relative strength 1

2. Incorporate the Indicator v1.04

3.Have built in stop loss and Target.

Thanks

Kris

--- 帖子 #509 ---
I've been trying to get those EA's to work for the profit as well as for the SL from 101. Can you or anyone else tell me which folder to load them in? I loaded as a script in that folder but it comes up with a dropdown for each individual currency pair. Ofcourse I want to set profit & SL for the batch. Perhaps they go in the experts/include folder?

Sorry for the dumb question!

PipHunter

--- 帖子 #510 ---
Hi piphunter,

I would guess it should go into experts folder.

Since I am very poor in programming hopefully some one here  ,especially ,Ferrufx can probably help you.

thanks

kris

--- 帖子 #511 ---
I agree that his lack of using a stop loss was a big mistake. I brought up that thread because the premise is the same. If you look at the dashboard for that system, and compare it to the indicators created here, you'll see that th every same pairs shown here as buys and sells on the REVERSE trades are the ones recommended there. Not only that, it gives the distances and nuimber of red/green bars. Certainly am not trying to introduce another system here. However, some of the indicators for that system, and particularly the dashboard, would be complimentary to this system. As ES Trader just posted, you can't trade without a stop loss. That is, unless you are going such small amounts that a 5 thousand pip drop won't matter. Other than the stop loss issue, and his very poor communications skills due to strokes, I liked Brijon, and still recommend to anyone who wants to explore this issue further check out that closed site.

--- 帖子 #512 ---
I think what " At the Best " and " ES  Trader " have been doing is taking signals off of v.1.04 and reversing when indicated and have been making steady profits. I think this is what they've been doing. Correct me if I'm wrong. Thanks, Paris

--- 帖子 #513 ---
ES Trader,

Ronald Raygun created an EA on the previous thread but there have been some changes since that was posted.  I believe Ronald is still working on this and is monitoring the new thread. Perhaps he can shed some light on the EA, repost it, add a reversal option, incorporate what you suggest, etc.  What say you Ronald Raygun?

1Trader2

--- 帖子 #514 ---
Well I took your suggestion and thought I had it but....by setting a limit of 100.00 for profit and also on the other one for the SL. It would just cancel out all trades I entered so I decided I'd better delete them until someone like FF can let me know what the steps are that are involved.

Thanks ES!

Piphunter

--- 帖子 #515 ---
Thanks I Trader2.I am sure RR can get this EA stuff going soon.

thanks

Kris

--- 帖子 #516 ---
Two more trades closed in Black. So far since sunday night there had been 12 trades (with two brokers) with 10 trades in profit.

kris

--- 帖子 #517 ---
FerruFx: When using the 1.04 version(non current) on a daily chart...Does the small Sunday bar(I have IBFX) affect the recommendations?

--- 帖子 #518 ---
Nice job Kris

PipHunter

--- 帖子 #519 ---
Great! Kris,

Could you breakdown the 12 trades? What I mean is you mentioned that it was on two brokers with 10 wins.... Does that mean 6 trades on each broker with 5 wins and 1 loss on each broker?

Thanks.

Bruce

--- 帖子 #520 ---
After following the thread from the beginning... I will start with ES Rules but using different MA period setup. I use Fast = 1 and Slow = 2. I will test this setup till weekend and report here. Indicator that i used CCFp_diff [V.1.04]

Here is the result till now and still grow fast...

KG

--- 帖子 #521 ---
At the risk of seeming like a newbie, which I don't consider myself to be, I have a question for anyone. I have both indicators loaded, and will take only the first two trades as an example, since it's the same on many other pairs. Ver1.03 shows the GBP/USD as a SELL, and EUR/USD as a SELL. This presumes the market will stay with that trend.

Ver1.04 has these same two pairs as a SELL, but recommends that the trade be reversed, meaning you would BUY. This presumes these pairs are away from the 0 point and will try to return. In other words, a Ranging or Choppy market.

#1....those trading the reversals on ver4 are betting on a ranging or choppy market?

#2....those going with ver3 are betting on the market continuing the trend?

#3....How can a person tell one way or the other when these same two pairs have plummeted in the past month, and someone who went entirely with a trending market on these pairs would have made a fortune?

#4....I'm confused.

--- 帖子 #522 ---
1 hour and 20 minutes left before bar 4H closed... already 800 Pips... not bad

KG

--- 帖子 #523 ---
40 minutes left.... 1400 pips already... hmmmm

KG

--- 帖子 #524 ---
Close all first 4H round with 1643 pips... 30 minutes before the 4H candle finish... wait another 4H round...

KG

PS: Ignore my chart template.... that's just my another system.. actualy all trade that i made is base on CCFp_diff [V.1.0.4] Fast = 1 and Slow = 2... and trade level 1.

--- 帖子 #525 ---
The sunday bar(s) may give a small difference with the previous one (friday), so suggestions would be filtered by the Level.

Only the gap may cause a big difference but if I remove the sunday bar(s) from the calculation, the suggestions will no longer match with the original CCFp lines indicator.

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #526 ---
I think that there's an understanding problem with the suggestions:

1. The suggestions provided by the indicator (regardless of the reverse option) are the only ones that match with the initial ES strategy.

2. The reverse option doesn't look at all in the calculation. It only tell to reverse the original one. This isn't based on any choppy/ranging/0 line/etc supposition but only based on the option set to 'true' which give you a yellow sign in front of the pairs suggested. This option was add to try the Paris's idea.

3. Only the Trade_Level might filter the small moves and give you a reverse suggestion if the currencies are below the level.

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #527 ---
Just open all suggestions... will see then

KG

--- 帖子 #528 ---
Here it is:

KG

--- 帖子 #529 ---
Just an update.   The FF  1.04 basket I ran yesterday ended up + $300 in profit.  This is where I did the suggested reverals.  The FF 1.04 Current basket also  ended up with +$300 in profit.   But I was using .10 lots for the first and .01 lots for the second.   Pretty amazing.

Sandy

--- 帖子 #530 ---
Paradoxical,

It's not my intention to start another thread or promote my trade setups. It's just that I wanted to show that starting a basket trade at a major turning point, a major breakout or a major continuation pattern......during the trading day.......... must be the better moments to do that.

Also have read your other post and do understand what you mean. I agree the whole nitty gritty of becoming succesful with basket trading boils down to adapting at the right time...... at the change of the wave.

Yesterday I noticed that there are others on this forum that have evolved their views more in the way I have been exploring the subject and regarding that I'll post an update later today,

Have a nice day, John

--- 帖子 #531 ---
I think your approach may be a good education to all of us..... Would you be so kind and take the time to show us an illustrated example, because I like visual guidance in these cases, THX John

--- 帖子 #532 ---
Okay, my toes just must have been a bit too long...... You cleared it all up for me. Thanks and have nice day, John

--- 帖子 #533 ---
Hi Sandy,

Could you be a bit more specific? Did you use same pairs on both trades? Different timeslots, i.e. different time of beginning and end of the trades?

Or do you have any other explanation / thoughts with respect to these results?

THX, John

--- 帖子 #534 ---
Have seen all your latest posts...... Impressing results.

By setting the MA's to the fastest possible settings on FF's regular 1.04 indicator you are in fact adapting more and more to the current wave..... with lesser delay that is. I'll be follwing your results, THX John

--- 帖子 #535 ---
hello to everyone ,

first of all i would like to thank ES Trader for this wonderful contribution,

Basket trading has never been to my attention untill Mr. ES has shared his knowledge here.

and also many thanks for FerruFx as he is contributing anormous effort here without any charge...

I'm using a neural network , my own brain, to trade while i try determine the entrance points wtih the help of EStrader rule and FerruFx 4h current ind.

(Shiva template, thank you btw)

By neural networking,

i  mean i'm using a demo account and a live one side by side. Getting the reference values from demo and leaving the 4h trades open for the whole period.

Keeping my eye on it all time , after a while i begin to train my perception, my neaural network to sense the harmonic oscilattions or deep falls or rises. i do not put sl ot tp as i 'm always in charge of trade myself.

All i would like to know for this time is ,

if it is possible or not to write  a script to define a whole group of pairs and long-short orders respectively and initiate this basket order at the same time with one click. And also closing the recent basket order with another one click again. I have at hand Equity tp clos script at hand but if i use it i loose all the pairs data and have to give orders by hand again which makes action taken slow and loosing the wave , phase shift... Phase shifting is what makes the whole difference bettween loosing and winning. If you can keep the ritgh phase with orders , taking profit or loosing doesnt matter , it means we will keep on loosing and winning continously.

And last of all a tick option or something very fast, sth. practical to reverse every order in the basket at same time.

This way i will be able to see a huge wave coming and get in to my position stay there as long as i feel the movement and close the recent basket with one click. And if i can catch a wave pattern afterwards , if feel that my last basket will turn back to the starting point then i reverse all of them with one click and take my position till i close them all at same time..

Doing this manually takes much time and slows the whole sequence , thus you loose syncronization , phase  shifts...

--- 帖子 #536 ---
Hi John.   It was a spur of the moment test since I wasn't really trading this system yesterday.  I should have documented better.   I think I placed the trades late...somewhere around 4:45.  Both indicators were set to Trade level 2.

The 1.04 complete trades were eu, gu, euraud, eurchf, ej, gbpchf, gj, audnzd, eurcad, nzdusd, and audusd.  These were all sells except for audnzd

The 1.04 trades where i did recommended reversals were:  sell nzdusd,  sell eurcad,  buy audnzd, sell gj, buy aj, buy eurgbp, sell gbpchf, buy euraud, sell audusd, sell gu.

As an aside I'm also interested in your trade approach and hope you keep posting about it.

Thanks!

Sandy

--- 帖子 #537 ---
hello kang_gun..

i've tried your setting.. fast 1 slow 2.

i entered the market about 50 min ago.. seems the results are not good...

drawdown for about 100 pips...

are you doing the same?

thanks

--- 帖子 #538 ---
Yup... it's start consolidation....

But I will continue blindly.... just calculate the result at the end of the day...

KG

--- 帖子 #539 ---
Tradewithme.

Attached is a CloseAll script that someone sent me.   I use a variation. You can customize it and once you complie it the changes will remain.

As far as placing orders I agree that a script would be nice.  But with the varipus combinations of potential pairs and buys or sells I think a script would be difficult to do.  But a little EA that allowed you to tick off pairs and "buy" or "sell" and then sent off the order would be great.  From past experience I know one of the issues is sending a bulk set of orders in a way that you don't get "Trade context busy" errors.   The programming gurus probably know how to do this,

Sandy

--- 帖子 #540 ---
Here it it the 2nd Round 4H results... -513 pips

KG

PS:

Actually i can close it in profit but i leave it till the end of 4H bar to collect and see what is happened... hehehehe

--- 帖子 #541 ---
Here we go!

Attached the CCFp-Diff_[v1.04-MTF]

1. Exact same calculation

2. Possibility to use up to 4 TFs (and/or)

3. Trade_Level still there

4. No reverse suggested

5. The refreshing check up is based on the smallest TF selected

6. Possibility to set the TF for the Timer and Timer_Alert

7. No histogram table drawn

So basically, the pairs suggested are the one with the same suggestions on all your selected TFs (with the same level).

Wish you a lot of pips.

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #542 ---
Here ENTRY at 3rd Round 4H... will see then..

KG

--- 帖子 #543 ---
Thanks...I was just curious...I was thinking about applying this to daily charts...maybe not now, though

--- 帖子 #544 ---
Wow thank you FerruFX  !!!

Sandy

--- 帖子 #545 ---
Just my opinion, but I would think incorporating an MTF element is a good idea, so nice indicator Ferrufx. CJD introduced this idea at the beginning of the thread, but it seemed to fizzle out.

I'm looking at the V3 indicator and its showing GBP very weak and JPY very strong, on the 4H (Level 7's).

However, on the lesser timeframes, the results are mixed with no strong signals either way. (Level 1 and 2 mixed buy and sell)

On the 4H system rules, GBPJPY would be a strong sell. But....

1. It could be turning in to a new trend given the shorter TF info. or

2. It could be retracing within a current trend.

To me, this a 50-50 without looking at shorter TF's.

Surely by trying to tie up the strength signals across all TF's must give a better probablility of a successful trade.

That being said, I think the relative strength theory is sound (Thanks ES for bringing it to my attention), but I can't help thinking that more visibility is required.

Many Thanks

PQ.

--- 帖子 #546 ---
God bless you..

--- 帖子 #547 ---
Here is the current result ... 2 hrs before 4H candle closed...

KG

--- 帖子 #548 ---
Thank you very much for the multi Indicator

great job

--- 帖子 #549 ---
Thanks for the new indy, but I can't get it to attach to a chart. I haven't had this problem before. Has anyone else had this problem? And once again thanks for all the work you have been putting in here.

--- 帖子 #550 ---
Closed all trade 3 minutes before new candle... +243 pips...

KG

--- 帖子 #551 ---
FerruFX,

Does the Timer_Timeframe input need to be set to the highest TF setting?

--- 帖子 #552 ---
It's very important to set the Timer_Timeframe ... as your need !!! No restriction. You can even set a TF which you don't have set to trade.

In others words, set it as you want! It has nothing to do with the calculation. Just a bar end alert.

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #553 ---
So whatever I set it to, it gives a snapshot of the the MTF signals at that moment in time?  If that's true, very nice job.

--- 帖子 #554 ---
No, the Timer just give you the time left to the end of the bar you set in Timer_Timeframe.

The suggestions taken from the 4 TFs selected are completely separate from the Timer. Timer is just here to help visualise when a given bar will end.

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #555 ---
Then why does it give me a signal then? I have it set for M5-H4 with Timer Timeframe set to 60. It gives me signal every 60 minutes if there is one.

Edit:  Actually, it will show a signal for a few minutes and then disappear.

--- 帖子 #556 ---
The timer doesn't give any signal for Buy/Sell. It is just a timer to tell you that the bar end. That's all.

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #557 ---
These are all reversed trades on v.1.03. I'm testing this indicator this week and will test v.1.104 next week if everyone is having good results so far. Up about +240 pips so far. So far I've only had one losing session so far with the reversal strategy. Paris

--- 帖子 #558 ---
1) THANK YOU

2) To only look for 3 TF in agreement or 2 TF in agreement, would they be listed in ascending order? Which is to ask, the same ascending T F (in your indicator) starting with 5M, then 15M (for2) and 30M (for3)? Why?

I am thinking of using for MO,Wk, and Day. That would be the 3 in agreement. Also, Day and 4 Hr in agreement. That would be the 2 in agreement.

3) If 2) = True, Then may I attach Two (2) MTF versions or Three (3) to the same Chart? Why?

This would allow, at a glance, be all time frames in agreement. Since Higher TF Rule. What I'm seeking to find is the 1st TF in decending order that does not agree. That's the pullback or dip. That's where the alarm goes. When it goes, That time frame turned to the trend. So,

If Mo., Day, and Year (3 =) are all equal its a trend. If they are not equal , its consolidation. Then, trade off the 4 Hr as the highest TF (caveat noted below) as it dictates the trend within the consolidation. (Apply the John Edward's Trading system in this TF and max out ea. trade or flip your basket quickly as has been the method)

If Mo, Wk, Day are not= ,  I want to know if Day = 4HR (2=), Then I can trade off the 4Hr as my trend, and enter on the 1st lower TF that is not in agreement with the 4 Hr. Example, John Edward's post on Oct. 21, 2008, where he entered on the 1 hr chart.

--- 帖子 #559 ---
and hit wrong button.

Cusi,

ladecker

--- 帖子 #560 ---
FerruFx, Thanks for the MTF it  will make things a lot easier but it looks like it doesn't give  the right trade recommendation on the current situation. Is it giving us a static 2 last closed bar calculation?see att.

--- 帖子 #561 ---
Quite an interesting thread. I personally use multipair ROC to calculate pair moves relative to all other pairs and then use charts (pa, trendlines, s/r levels) to enter trades and set sl's (I'm a swing/trend trader).

I have tried many ways to measure currency strength and ROC is what I'm personally have noticed to be one of the best ways. Below is a pic that I sent to EURUSD thread that shows how my currency relative strength screen looks like. The line tells ROC (relative change in %) of 20 days compared to all other currencies.

--- 帖子 #562 ---
In the inputs parameters, you can set any TF (up to 4) and in any order you want. Example:

5-30-60-1440

30-5-1-240

240-10080-5-60

and so on ... it's up to you.

No matter the order, the calculation will check all these TFs and give a suggestion ONLY if ALL the selected TFs give the same signal.

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #563 ---
Around -300 down
FF 1.04b
Level 1
Fast and slow default
Reverse on
FXDD
CLEVELAND OH TIME

I did open 40 min late but 1:42 to go
In my experience things turn around fast

What are some of you using as S/L and T/P or T/S
For me when it is getting close to the end of a session
I manually close them out I’ve let some of the loser run
And some have turned around.

If I’m going to be away from the computer I modify the play
30 T/P 100 S/L

I also will place T/S of 15 for plays that are in the 40+ range

--- 帖子 #564 ---
Please don't refer to the Current histo as the MTF isn't Current.

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #565 ---
@ FerruFx – Great work on the Indicator  I had a questions if you think it would be possible. I think the time at which we enter the market has an effect on the outcome so was wondering if you can have an option for changing when the indicator Start Hour of the 4hr bar starts. Like if you see by the pic below from FXopen is GMT + 3 and have won all trades so far using that brokers 4hr bar but seeing that for example IBFX is on GMT time the 4hr calculation will be different for the indicator. If some how having a 4hr Shift setting might be valuable. So even if I’m using IBFX I can have it calculate every 4 hours starting at a different 4hr start than the bar it is showing for different brokers. Hope this makes sense  Thank you

--- 帖子 #566 ---
Would you show us how to enable expert advisor?

--- 帖子 #567 ---
still 2 and a half to go to end of bar but allready locked 410$ trading 0.1 lots

using v1.04 tradelevel 2 and reverse suggestion set to true and using profitlock EA just like ES trader is doing it

clean and simple

--- 帖子 #568 ---
I understand your concern but I don't plan to code this.

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #569 ---
i think actually that should be of slight concern still. i was talking with nub about this. i've been meaning to see what the difference in taking trades based on brokers wtih different timezones. i feel like i'm still getting wildly different results on fxdd then estraders alpari. i mean i'm still getting it to work but

--- 帖子 #570 ---
Well not really a big concern because what you could do if you wanted is have both broker platforms open (1 - the broker thats timezone works best for you with the system on Demo then 2 - your live trade account broker) Then when the Demo broker account that works best signals then place the signaled trades on the Live account broker

--- 帖子 #571 ---
I notice some of you guys are using my AccountProtect EA. I think a lot of you are using the old one. There is a newer version [2] of the EA and you have to option to enter your stop loss and take profit. You can get it here:

http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...postcount=2086

Thanks

Trader101

--- 帖子 #572 ---
Hi FF, i have been trying to attach this indicator to my charts at interbankfx and Alpari, but nothing happens, do i need anything other than the indicator itself for it to work?

--- 帖子 #573 ---
Here is the screen shot of my trades as of 12:58, so one hour into the 12:00 CST bar. I'm trading on a FXDD demo account using CCFp-Diff_[v1.04] with the fast changed to 1 and slow to 2 at level 1.

Update: I closed out +$220, going to demo again at 4:00 with the indicator.

--- 帖子 #574 ---
Hi Paris

Could you please tell what level setup you are using such as level 1/2/4 etc.

and which broker you are trading with.

The reason I am asking ont consistent winning trade as you. pehaphs my setting bit different and borker as well.

Thanks

Syed.

--- 帖子 #575 ---
I've been taking selective trades based on V103 with pretty variable success, even trying to match some up to the 1H and 30M to improve probability.

So I've decided to do a Paris, as I can understand the logic behind that method. Plus I saw the video and she impressed me there.

All pairs available to me on alpari demo have been reversed. Shortly after open, its -63 inc. the spread. Lets see where it goes .....

PQ

--- 帖子 #576 ---
Syed, look closely at her screenshot, its FXDD and Level 0. I've also changed my level to 0 on the 4H to conduct a similar test.

--- 帖子 #577 ---
I searched the thread and I don't see a video by Paris...Unless I'm completely missing something...

--- 帖子 #578 ---
I think he meant the real Paris H. Musical Video:

Inserted Video

LOL

--- 帖子 #579 ---
Ronald, I could probably attach it here. Then get banned.

Available from all good P2P download sites .... its worth a viewing

--- 帖子 #580 ---
This trade lost on the reversal big time. -500 pips. Paris

--- 帖子 #581 ---
there was no reply to ES trader EA request? Or i missed it?

another is a new video form you Paris, is it possible? I can help this time

--- 帖子 #582 ---
It looks like Mitchp and Kang Gun are using

FAST=1 SLOW =2 in the ff 1.04 level 1

with wonderful results

I beleive the default is fast=3 slow =5 with level 1 being true to the original system set by ES

I'm on FXDD with the fast 3 slow 5 level 1 and taking a beating today ff 1.04b

I did no reversels today the market looked trending early but looks like it flipped the indicator didn't signal to flip too.

Any thougths???

you think FOREX is hard try drycleaning

--- 帖子 #583 ---
Nah he was asking about "One Night In Paris"

--- 帖子 #584 ---
If the yen took a big hit today

Why is the green bar for the JPN been up all day on the indicator?

have others seen this too or is it just me???

--- 帖子 #585 ---
Shiva,

Spot on....

Trade update: Everything tanked against the Yen, so I went to 300 pips down. Now back to -200. 2 hours to go til candle close, I'll let them run ....

PQ

--- 帖子 #586 ---
Damn.. just wake up.. and my 4th Round 4H still open.... i should close it at 00:00 am Indonesian time... but i miss it... So, the trade still open till now. And here is the results now...

KG

--- 帖子 #587 ---
Another piece of art. I plan to explore the possibilities of this one tomorrow.

THX. John

--- 帖子 #588 ---
Yes.. I use Fast: 1 and Slow: 2 in my demo.

I think we all here try to find the best setup and strategy.. So, i'm trying to play with the period to see the results for analysis.

KG

--- 帖子 #589 ---
Is my indicator setup wrongly or the indicator is like that?  Each time it refreshes or you let it be for 30 minutes, it will give you another signal. So which signal to follow.  From the opening of the new 4 hr candle, it will keep on giving new signal when MA changes.

--- 帖子 #590 ---
nice numbers KG...

Are you reversing your trades?

You using FF 1.04 Level 1?

--- 帖子 #591 ---
No... i'm not reverse it.

Yes, i'm using CCFp_diff [v.1.04] Level 1 with Fast = 1 and Slow = 2.

Just check my report, starting a few pages behind...

KG

--- 帖子 #592 ---
I close 4th Round 4H 8 minutes before new candle come... with +1.250 pips. Waiting next round...

KG

--- 帖子 #593 ---
Here are the trade, 8 minutes after new candle formed...

KG

--- 帖子 #594 ---
For your perusal per your request, see attachment.

ttyl,lad

--- 帖子 #595 ---
Bed time so I've closed all trades 30 mins before the end of the 4H candle.

As you can see, its now 8 pips in profit!

The trade started at -60 due to spread.

Within 30 minutes it had drawdown of -120 pips.

Within 1 hour it was +160 pips in profit.

After 90 minutes approx, all currencies except the Yen tanked, drawdown -300 pips.

After 3 1/2 hours, it moved from -300 pips to positive.

I don't know what this is telling me, but what I do know is the sort of drawdowns, profits and swings a basket trade can make is scaring the hell out of me.

I may experiment by using this as a scalping solution on the 5M looking at the strengths and weaknesses of the pairs over MTF's. And focus on 1 or 2 pairs.

PQ

--- 帖子 #596 ---
Please.. keep post your experiment result

Thanks

KG

--- 帖子 #597 ---
Kang,

Could you tell us which broker you are using.

thanks

Mitch

--- 帖子 #598 ---
i'm sure this has been asked but, how is everyone determining the 'enter 10-15 minutes' part?? i see kang has some :08 :09 trades, not sure how everyone is coming about where they enter. i myself have just been waiting for the next 15m bar to form and thats been ok overall.

--- 帖子 #599 ---
Awesome and Thank You!

--- 帖子 #600 ---
FXOpen

KG

--- 帖子 #601 ---
Finally I have gone live. All trades since yeterday morning is in Black.I did 8 trades , all with positive results.I am still using 4 hr closed bars and v1.04 and trade as recommended.

Kris

--- 帖子 #602 ---
Nice job and thanks for sharing the concept and your results.

Dan

--- 帖子 #603 ---
I loaded them and they work great. I've been trying to make the others work for me and it just wasn't happening. Thanks for the generousity big time.

PipHunter

--- 帖子 #604 ---
You've decided against reversing?  I thought you were getting better results with reversing.

--- 帖子 #605 ---
I think ES is still reversing when the indi says so, JMHO.

Dan

--- 帖子 #606 ---
Kris,

Can you share with us your MM strategy on your live trades?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #607 ---
Benq

I reverse when indicaor says so

--- 帖子 #608 ---
ES, I lost track of you a little bit.  What settings did you decide on for v104?

Did you change your slow/fast, for example -- anything else -- level?

--- 帖子 #609 ---
I'm going to try these settings to. So your using Bar close instead of MA?

--- 帖子 #610 ---
Hi Kris,

Thanks for sharing your strategies. I'm going to test your exact strategy starting next week. It looks like you're getting the best results. Thanks, Paris

--- 帖子 #611 ---
Wait for my results  coming soon

--- 帖子 #612 ---
You are Welcome.

Good luck to you

Kris

--- 帖子 #613 ---
30 minutes before the candle finish... here is the results:

KG

--- 帖子 #614 ---
Kang, you're keeping your trades open until the next 4 hour candle?

--- 帖子 #615 ---
I will open the trade 5-10 minutes after new 4H candle formed and close 5-10 before new candle appears... on this test

KG

--- 帖子 #616 ---
Close 5th Round 4H with +823 pips... waiting new candle and recomendations.

KG

--- 帖子 #617 ---
Maybe a better solution would be to wait the new signals and close the previous trades which are no longer suggested or in the opposite way ...

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #618 ---
Open a new trade (6th Round 4H) base on recomendation by CCFp_diff [v.1.04] with Fast=1, Slow=2 and Trade level=1. Will see next 4 hours...

KG

--- 帖子 #619 ---
Yup.. you are wright. But i'm just test it to see the statistic results at the end with blindly open and close base on 4H candle... At the end we will have to set the strategy... but we need the forward test data first... And this is what i'm doing now

Thank You...

KG

--- 帖子 #620 ---
Yes this is the way to start!

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #621 ---
Just want to clarify things. Using the version 1.04 as is, you are betting that the market will continue to trend.

Using the reversal strategy, you're betting the market is ranging or choppy.

Is there a point where you would NOT bet on a trending market?

What would make you reverse?

--- 帖子 #622 ---
Yes.. I will keep posting my results and hope all of you here follow and analyze it...

Thanks

KG

--- 帖子 #623 ---
Update on the MTF concept of entry on a TF pullback for entry for a pair that has MTF agreement in the higher ranges, focusing down the TFs for a lack of agreement,I.E. opposite color and waiting for a change to agreement, That's the entry point. That's what I'm trying to give an example of. Think of this as trying to catch the trend...what did John say? YOU HAVE TO TIME IT BEFORE YOU CAN SURF IT....the time is the counter trend happing right now and dynamically changing to agree with the trend. That translates to agreement with the higher TFs. The entry is when the disagreement turns to agreement.

The snap shot shows the 1H in disagreement, waiting to enter on agreement, i.e., sell with the higher Tfs in agreement=sell.

--- 帖子 #624 ---
My Report

So far +2500 pip collected, I have started to use the following strategy for

Entry

TF 240 MA True   CFF iff 1.04 Current   MA as per original settings

TF 1440  MA True  CFF Diff 1.04 current   Ma as per original settings

If both Time frame ponts to the same direction I am in trade and about four

Trades conducted and was positive

I get confused with reverse strategy and I am not using the same

--- 帖子 #625 ---
Harigp,

Do you mean you're only using H4 and daily on the v104 indi with UseBarInsteadofMA true?

--- 帖子 #626 ---
Dear ES Trader,

Hope you don't mind telling me how you time your trade entry? I am asking because I noticed from your screen shots that sometimes you enter a couple of minutes after the 4 hr, sometimes 40 mintutes after the 4H and sometimes more than an hour after the 4H. (e.g. entry time 16:03, 20:40, 21:02).

Thanks

--- 帖子 #627 ---
Sounds interesting and like a good idea. Could ypu post a screen short of your chart showing the setups of the two indicators?

Many thanks.

Harry

--- 帖子 #628 ---
I am using  MA  True  and  Bar False

I tried before  BAR True with TF 240 and TF 1440 but the result was not

good. The reason I noticed is

If I use BAR True

A massive down trend or up trend is followed by some amount of buy

or sell but that is short lived. But the original trend continues after some time

so I started to use MA as true

My latest trade was us session completed new four hour bar started and

TF 240 and TF 1440 was all in agreement and good pip collected

--- 帖子 #629 ---
Jessssss... I can't close and open new trade because my demo server is hung..

KG

--- 帖子 #630 ---
The Screen shot

--- 帖子 #631 ---
Hi. I have been using MTF with D1,H4,and H1. It is working well. ALL THREE must be in agreement or there is no trade on 4H candle.

--- 帖子 #632 ---
Correct, my decision to reverse the trades is based purely on the fact that the original theory behind the CCFp is that all currencies will revert to the median. Therefore the stronger buy signal means that at some point it will become a strong sell as it retraces toward '0' in the calculation.

I'm assuming my and Paris' results from yesterday are due to the sudden strenght of the Yen and weakness of the others which swung my basket trade by nearly 400 pips in 2 minutes. The Yen movement was in accordance with the 4H trend, so not reversing the signals would've given an entirely better result.

This also shows that using the level setting for a reversal is not necessarily the answer.

--- 帖子 #633 ---
with H 1 also I have attached  to the chart

--- 帖子 #634 ---
Not to be confontive but, what does "doing well" mean? I noted your post #8 on the first page,btw. Are we talking 40% with winners 3:1 over losers or flat out 80-90% winners? Love your kiss, btw. Just curious cause the simplicity is just so kicked back.

--- 帖子 #635 ---
Hi FerruFx,

Just to confirm, the new MTF indicator uses bar "0" and "1" in the calculation and not bar "1" and "2"?

--- 帖子 #636 ---
No. As I said in an earlier post, MTF version ISN'T current version. So it looks CCFp indicator values [1] and [2] like all other non-current versions.

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #637 ---
What is your trade level setting used for further filtering?

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #638 ---
Thanks for the screen shot. Noticed that you used trade level setting to zero and not the default setting. Is this the setting you used to put on the trades?

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #639 ---
Hi FerruFX,

The attached screen shot shows that the pairs selected by the v1.04 and v1.04bcurrent are different dispite the settings are exactly the same. The picture on the extreme left is v1.04 set to 4H and the one that is second from the right is v1.04bcurrent set to 4H as well. Are they supposed to be different?

--- 帖子 #640 ---
Of course yes. If not, why make 2 different versions.

Again below the difference between the standard and current versions:

1. Standard versions [v1.04] and [v1.04-MTF]: signal taken from the CCFp values [1] and [2]

2. Current version [v1.04-current]: signal taken from the CCFp values [0] and [1]

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #641 ---
Thanks for the quick answer. Now I am really lost as to which version will give the highest pips.

--- 帖子 #642 ---
I have just started working with D1, H4, H1, 15M, trade level 1, MA fast=1, slow=2, trade off H4 candle using fibs as TP targets when all 4 align checking every 15 minutes during the day for possible trades.

6 signals today - 4 winners 2 losers.

need to work out MM and SL as it I broke even on the trades.

will update again tomorrow.

FerruFx - this indicator is really a work of art, thanks

--- 帖子 #643 ---
You're welcome. Thanks for your kind words and support.

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #644 ---
Can I answer your question the one before with a Question? Have you read the thread?

--- 帖子 #645 ---
Actually I have read both the threads - this one and the one started by ES Trader which is closed now. Things moved very fast in these two threads and may be I am not focus enough. It may take a while for me to absorb everything here. Sorry to have bothered you.

--- 帖子 #646 ---
have just started working with D1, H4, H1, 15M, trade level 1, MA fast=1, slow=2, trade off H4 candle using fibs as TP targets when all 4 align checking every 15 minutes during the day for possible trades.

Are you changing the MA method also to 1 in the input section

--- 帖子 #647 ---
Hi Ben!

Yes, I noticed the flight to lower risk here recently and it is quite amazing how fast and professionally there are solutions springing up all over the place.

I will read through this thread once more and try to catch up with you guys.

See you then!

Ciao!

Matt - Gnat

--- 帖子 #648 ---
hi cjd.   Are you using MA or bars?   I just used the FF MTF indi to place an order  for AJ and it went nicely into profit right away.

This was with the default MA settings and trade level 1.  I'll try 1 - 2 for comparison next candle.

Thanks!

Sandy

--- 帖子 #649 ---
Another experiment. I'll update this one post with any trades I make using this method. Keep the posts down that way.

I used the FerruFX FF MTF indicator for the 4 am candle 1440, 240, 60. Trading level 1. MA not bars. Nothing else changed. No reversal. Played them as they were given

I close out the hourly at the end of each hour. But in the future where the same pair is listed for the next hour I'll let it stand.

I also closed the 4 hour early but my goal is to see how many pips you can accumulate this way and not necessarily hold a trade through the entire timeframe.

Not getting excited yet but I think I'm a little over + 200 pips so far

Sandy

----------------------------------------------------------------

Results

4:00 am Sell AJ +38 pips

5:00 am Sell GJ +19 pips

For 6:00 I added 1 more TF: 1 Day + 4 H + 1 H + 30 M

6:00 am Sell CadJpy + 42 pips

Sell AJ + 47 pips

Sell AU + 36 pips

Buy Usdcad ) 28 pips

7:00 am current orders (Same as previous hour. Should [Probably have left the 6:00 orders open)

This group closed early. I had a basket protect EA that evidently closed these and some other trades out because I went over the threshold. I’ve turned that EA off.

Buy UsdCad -41 pips * Corrected totals I incorrectly counted the last basket twice. Coffee stat!! *
Sell AU +46 pips
Sell CadJpy -19 pips
Sell AJ +51 pips

8:00 to 10:00 - No pairs to trade
11:00 nzdchf which I can't trade at fxdd. So no trade.

12 noon

Sell AU +38

Sell AJ + 86 pips

Sell NU +20 pips

1 pm picks duplicate noon picks along with some pairs not available at fxdd. Noon picks still running currently up +31 as a group

1:45 pm Closed the noon picks and updated totals above~ yowza nice run there !

* 391 Pips Total so far if I counted right and 11 winners and 2 losers *

--- 帖子 #650 ---
Good luck on that one.

I also have a question regarding timing your entries. As Harry 123 noticed quite different times for these.... you either are a damn well trader to pick the better entries for baskets...... or you have developed a special clairvoyance..... I am just joking. Could you inform us about your entry strategy, i.e. why entry moments do differ that much in time starting off the beginning of a new H4 bar. THX in advance, John

--- 帖子 #651 ---
FF MTF indicator is making better pips. Was testing with M5 , M15 , M30 , M60 Time_timeframe 15 (which means new cycle start every 15 mins)

SO far so good. Need to test. My target is to try a setting that could take whole basket total profit 20 pips with no SL. Will see if I can loss any trade.

thnx

--- 帖子 #652 ---
?????

--- 帖子 #653 ---
You have done quite well yesterday. Today is a different day.

What I would like to know is.... did you change your strategy just now or are you trying to see what happens when you enter blindly almost immediately after an H4 bar and exit the trade shortly before the new one...still using same settings?

THX, John

--- 帖子 #654 ---
Can somebody tell me why my orest indicator doesn't show any figure?

Attached Image

--- 帖子 #655 ---
Hummm ... mini account on IBFX ...

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #656 ---
FF MTF indicator is making better pips. Was testing with M5 , M15 , M30 , M60 Time_timeframe 15

Can you tell us what are the pairs you were able to trade, is that mostly

AD and CD pairs

--- 帖子 #657 ---
harigp,

When you refer to a post, please click "quote" instead of "reply". It will be easier to understand your posts.

Thanks.

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #658 ---
Nice template you have there. Today Eurusd has had to bounces to the downside but yet no breakout and currently is ranging again between Daily Open and PrevDaily-HL. So either we are facing formation of a double bottom and a rise will start a breakout to the uspide or a third try to downside may cause a breakout there. What's it gonna be? Anyway either way it goes.... it's the best promise for a entry of a basket trade. Good luck and thanks for keeping us informed how you are doing with FF's MTF indicators, John

--- 帖子 #659 ---
YOU ARE ON THE WRONG THREAD

--- 帖子 #660 ---
Wrong thread but that version T101-v1.14orest is not an indicator by an EA.

Harry

--- 帖子 #661 ---
[quote=tjsun80;2299779]Can somebody tell me why my orest indicator doesn't show any figure?]

Give it some time for all the data import for all the TF.

--- 帖子 #662 ---
Yes, is an EA. But waiting for 20 minutes, it still did not show any figure.

Thanks for your advise.

--- 帖子 #663 ---
My broker only allow to trade the following :

EURUSD

EURGBP

EURCHF

EURJPY

GBPJPY

GBPCHF

GBPUSD

USDJPY

USDCAD

USDCHF

AUDUSD

NZDUSD

--- 帖子 #664 ---
Hi John,

I really want to stick to my original idea of entering within 15 minutes of new bar.Sometimes I am busy with my work. So I enter late and still works because they are 4 hr bars .I have seen many times when you trade off of 4 hr bars the trend stays for a while at least for another 4 hr.

Hope this helps.

Infact I had 3 more trades since yesterday and all are in Black.

thanks

Kris

--- 帖子 #665 ---
Closed all reversal trades with about +380 pips. Reversal method does work most of the time but it's not perfect. I'm still looking for something that'll work about 90% of the time. Paris

--- 帖子 #666 ---
Parius Hilton is still doing reversal trades, and made 380 PIPS. ES Trader is trading the original system, which, as I understand it, bets that the current trend will continue and that the pairs will continue to move further away from the 0 line.

How can both the "reversal' and the original system be in the black for the same period?

On the EURO going up or down, John Edwards said "What's it gonna be? Anyway either way it goes.... it's the best promise for a entry of a basket trade."

If the system calls for a EURO short, and it goes up, how can that be good in a basket trade?

Isn't this system always betting on a trending market, and if you use it that way 100% of the time, you'll lose when the market isn't trending like it is now? Pardon my questions and what might seem like I'm questioning people with lots more experience than I have. But, I am thoroughly confused as to how anyone knows this heavily trending market is going to continue. WQhat methods are people using to discern that the market will continue to trend for the 4 hour time period that they make trades in?

--- 帖子 #667 ---
FF, been thinking about your MTF indicator (great) and if we had the first time frame set to go against the other 3 we would have a indicator that tells us there is a dip in the price at that first level and time to enter with the stronger trend.  It seems that most MTF are based on this.

--- 帖子 #668 ---
I put my view on it in post #257

--- 帖子 #669 ---
Hi.

Well if you think about it, majority are starting from a different time within there 4 hour candle tf. During the time they are within the trade it can go in favor for the trader a good bit. Then by the time some one elses candle opens and they decide to take a reversal or with the trend, the market goes in there favor. The first trader could possibly still be positive since they entered prior when the market fell/gained and the pull back has not swapped sides of there entry.

Plus, having such diversified pairs and some move more than others, its possible for both to be net positive. But whole thing short, I think you are seeing the results like this because both are entering at different times and the ranges prices are moving in and what the entries are showing at the time they are entering is bringing forward the outcomes we see. Sorry if that does not make sense but that's how I see it.

Adam

--- 帖子 #670 ---
Hi all,

Great thread - I have been dipping in and out, but due to it's rapid growth have not read it in it's entirety. So please excuse and indulge me if this question has been asked before.

Is there an indicator that will alert me if the metatrader equity balance exceeds the current balance by x% or indeed has dropped against the current balance by a specified percentage?

Thanks,

Gooner

--- 帖子 #671 ---
Hi'

I think what ES Trader is doing is trading with Ferrufx v.1.04 and reversing when the indicator tells him to. He's trading a straight signal when the indicator tells him to. He's just following the indicator set with the reversal option. Paris

--- 帖子 #672 ---
Paris, are you still using the 1.03 Version ??

--- 帖子 #673 ---
I think he changed some other settings also;

1) Enabled Reverse

2) Trading closed bar instead of MA

3) Fast 1 Slow 2

4) Trade Level 1

--- 帖子 #674 ---
Gooner.

Check the paperclip upper right.  There's one ea CloseTrades_After_Account_Loss_TooMuch  but I think it works off of a $ amount threshold hat you enter and not a %.   There may be other EAs there that will help you.

Steve Hopwood has a more robust trade management system.  That may be a feature.  I'm not sure.   Here's a link:  http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...99&postcount=1

Sandy

--- 帖子 #675 ---
yes

--- 帖子 #676 ---
i am using IBFX broker...and same as your indicator...but dont know why my reverse trades almost all are LOSING....is it due to the time zone difference ?

i even set the TRADE LEVEL same as you... O

--- 帖子 #677 ---
I opened trades on the new 4 hour bar about 5 minutes after it opened, using ver 1.04 with pairs to be reversed as true. The settings I used are fast 3, slow 5, and trade level 2.

There was one reversal recommended on the AUD/CAD, and that was the ONLY pair that LOST! All the rest went bonkers, and I closed at my choice within 10 minutes of opening them, using the CloseAtEquityAmount EA of approx 10%, or a gain of $552.00 on a $5,000.00 demo account trading .2 lots for each pair. Very impressive.

There were NO trades I could have made where the 4 hour, 1 hour and 30 minutes matched at the time.

Now, all I have to figure out why the market is trending like this, and figure out when it's not going to trend and do reversals, and I could retire in a month or so. Without knowing this, I still think it's a guessing game, even though I came out with a big win on this set of trades.

--- 帖子 #678 ---
Absolutely Not. I am not sure where you got that info.

I am still using ORIGINAL method with MA and original setting on v1.04

Kris

--- 帖子 #679 ---
FerruFX, thanks for the MTF Indy. I downloaded a new interbank MT4. I can not get the MTF indy to attach to any chart, any ideas why that would happen?

--- 帖子 #680 ---
Ok, my mistake, when you said;

"Finally I have gone live. All trades since yeterday morning is in Black.I did 8 trades , all with positive results.I am still using 4 hr closed bars and v1.04 and trade as recommended.

Kris"

thought you meant last two Closed Bars instead of MA. Original method isn't with reverse is it? You said your using reverse when indi tells you. I guess I mis-understood and I read before that you were doing reverse and other different setting so wasn't sure what settings you actually went live with.

--- 帖子 #681 ---
I wish it was live...

FXdd

ff 1.04

fast 3 slow 5 level 2 reversing true

10-15 min after the 4hr

I do double check with a spreadsheet file submitted by someone on the original thread

attached is statement for the week

close to 80% wins 2.73 profit factor

$5000 with $3889 profit

I'm testing 4 different ways of doing this 2 on fxdd and 2 on interbank I'd like to go live once I'm comfortable with what I'm doing still learning you guys are such a help thanks

sorry about the attach file not sure how to attach html if even can

--- 帖子 #682 ---
Yes it may seem confusing..... but  this system may be traded differently. Once you have discovered a set of rules that work well for you.... you have to stick to those rules and the system. In that way making it also a bit your own system.

ESTrader is right that there is a 4Hrs pattern as he describes in one of his  latest posts. Adapting to that 4 Hrs rythm and winning 7 or 8 times out of 10.... With a good set of rules regarding Risk management, TP, SL and the maximum Drawdown you will allow..... you absolutely can have a system that works.

Now my approach is different I also look in the 4 hours cycle..... However I look for possible MAJOR BREAKOUTS above or under 1 one of the Pivotlines as I have shown in one of my previous posts.

My rules are as follows:

1. I have seen that such Major Breakouts always show same breakouts on all other currency pairs. For instance if EURUSD goes up than at that time USDCHF goes down...... That's the only reason why Basket trading is possible. So I wait for a breakout. For me rule nr 1: No Breakout No Trade.

2. The breakouts are monitored H4, H1 and M5. I enter a little over the breakout and exit when ArrZZX2+ shows X sign (stop) or reverse signal (monitoring also on H1 and M5) or when a target line is being hit. I do this to avoid High Drawdowns.

3. Of course I have missing trades as anybody else. When a trade goes bad however I close it, for when this happens that specific trade yet went the other way. In these cases you are fooled by a so called false breakout. A breakout that crosses a pivot line...... however falls back under again or soon rises again above the pivot line >>>> that is the hard part of trading breakouts.

When that happens I wait for the next retry for price to cross a pivot line.

So it boils down to figuring out the system and set of rules that fits you best as a trader. Hope this helps you, John

--- 帖子 #683 ---
Results from 12:00 EST(1600 GMT) Candle on IBFX. MA fast = 3 Slow =5, Trade Level 2, reverse enabled. Took trade 15 min after open and closed 2 minutes before 4:00 EST (20 GMT)

Adam

--- 帖子 #684 ---
Thank you all for the great trading system. But why don't you use indicators like these attached,at least you might have an idea where things are going really instead of just reading the buy and sell signals .i like the way John Edwards is doing this and I think he gana make a huge breakout here . thanks again.

--- 帖子 #685 ---
Kris,

Is the "Use Reverse Suggestion" in v1.04 you are using is set to "false"?

Appreciate your reply as I am trying to compare your setting with mine.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #686 ---
I have a question about the MTF ind.

If I have it set to H4,H1,15,5...do I have to have the timer set to 5 for it to update every 5 min bar?

--- 帖子 #687 ---
Chart below is 4:00 pm EST (20 gmt) candle at IBFX. MA fast = 3 slow = 5, Trade Level= 2, reverse enabled. Positions opened 15 mins after open of candle and  closed 4 minutes prior to 8:00 pm EST (00 gmt). Btw this is 1.04b current.

Adam

--- 帖子 #688 ---
This is the 3rd time (maybe more ...) I will answer the question:

The timer doesn't have nothing to do with the calculation. It is just a clock which alert you when a bar is finished (the TF you selected in Timer_Timeframe). It can be any TF regardless which ones you settled for trade.

I think I will remove the Timer in the next release ... Too much confusion for many of you ...

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #689 ---
Sorry, I do remember you now explaining this earlier...it's been a long day for me and I just got confused...

But the buy/sell signals will update as soon as all timeframes are in agreement?

Example:H4-Eur/Usd sell, H1-Eur/Usd sell, 15 min-Eur/Usd-buy...when the 15 min bar shows sell....then the recommendation is made?

PS. Have you thought about making a MTF version of the 1.04 current indicator?

PPS.Again, thanks for all the great work and the greater patience for putting up with all the repeated questions and requests

--- 帖子 #690 ---
dryclean,

Congrats to you on the nice results. Can you share with us your MM strategy you use to arrive at this results?

Kind of difficult to read from your notepad attachment.

BTW, you try this way to post image...

1. Press 'Print Screen' key for the image you want to post

2. Open Start Menu/All Programs/Accessories/Paint

3. Click 'Edit' and click 'Paste' (Now your image shows up)

4. Click 'Save As' and select desktop and save image type as JPEG

5. Click 'manage attachments ' in the 'reply to thread' on FF and upload     the image that you save in your desktop and press 'submit' with your reply.

Hope this help.

--- 帖子 #691 ---
Each time one of your timeframes start a new bar, signals are updated. So the smallest one will be the frequency of the signals update.

When I will have time ...

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #692 ---
Hi Ferru,

Great stuff this indi. Please donot remove timer, instead have an option to dhow or hide.

Thanks

TF

--- 帖子 #693 ---
It was an ironic joke ...

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #694 ---
I quit using the v.1.03 and doing reversals as they were giving me losing sessions about 1 loser out of 3 sessions. Last week it was almost all winners but not this week. This session was conducted on v.1.04 everything on default except I enabled reversing. I closed my first session with about +660 pips. There were no reversal suggestions. This was on FXDD GMT+3. Paris

--- 帖子 #695 ---
WoW..Paris..you had change your indicators to the latest one....

so now you are winning PIPS....i can see from your above attached graph..

Hmm, i guess that PIPS you had won now... you can buy lots of burgers and drinks.... lol...

Congratz to your new indicator start...

--- 帖子 #696 ---
Thanks for the tip I knew that but didn't put 2+2 together

I'm testing 2 methods each on FXDD and interbank so I have 4 going

this one is doing the best 2 are over or short $100 the other is up under $1000. But this one is really rock'in

My MM is my weakness IMO. I basicly just look at the trades every so often

if I see one doing well +30 +50 range I'll do a T/P 30 S/L 100

If it is doing great 75+ I'll do the same with a 15 T/S

If I'm leaving or going out I'll do a modify order 30TP 100 SL

If I have some losing trades I'll let them ride for a bit and see if they will turn around. I know in my trades at first I was doing some .20 sizes and even one batch was 1.00 but that was maybe 20 or so out of 125 trades

I know my draw down is high too over 18%

The 30 TP 100 SL I saw from R Raygun

But if anyone could sugest a better MM I love to read about it.

--- 帖子 #697 ---
dryclean,

IMHO, the right and effective MM is very vital to the survival of any methods/strategies.

I propose that we shud do intensive testing to come up with the most workable MM for this strategy.

--- 帖子 #698 ---
You still have not learnt a lesson...

Water level??? u will get drowned buddy...

Do not mention his method...I was an avid fighter for this method as I sense the dooms of the followers...but u know what happend and the rest is the history...

Sonic

--- 帖子 #699 ---
Ha Ha..i think i ENTER 1 hour later after the new 4 hour bar,

now my DEMO is gaining Positive Pips !

--- 帖子 #700 ---
This is how it went........ Three breakout attempts to the upside. The third one became succesful.

There is an other thread on this forum where multipair indicators are being developed all the time. Here is the thread: http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...112522&page=39

At the bottom of the picture below I attached the one produced by SMJones. The upper one of those shows all pairs. The other one shows Europairs only...

Start using that indicator !!!

Look at the fabulous indication of his indicator at the red dotted vertical line >>>> Three bars already show green dots before the breakout occurs.

Have a nice day, John

--- 帖子 #701 ---
Hey John, you can use version 1.4b or 1.5 for all of the pairs or any combo you want. You do not need to run 1.3 if you do not want to the later versions do the work of 1.3 but also allow changing up the pairs you use any way you want to. I am glad you like it. I also have one out for an on chart single pair It is in that last thread also.

--- 帖子 #702 ---
+400 pip gained

TF 4h and TF 1440 trade on CFF Diff current with MA Default

EU/AU maximum draw down -100 pip and came back to +

Multi time also performed on Daily, TF 240 and TF 60

Contract EU/AU buy

AU/US Sell

--- 帖子 #703 ---
Thanks Sandy...

--- 帖子 #704 ---
the missing link will be soon found...you are on the half way now,coz doing this blindly wont work, trading all must see all..thanx     ES trader have invented it feruuFx have make it real and I think you will lead the band for the great target with your simple analyzing method…thanks for the three of you are a mixture  of every thing and complete each ether.

--- 帖子 #705 ---
mine

--- 帖子 #706 ---
result with the next 4 hours by my own style

--- 帖子 #707 ---
closed at

--- 帖子 #708 ---
So exactly what would a person use for this system?

I felt a 30 TP and 100 SL was ok ( wish there was a script to do it automaticly probably is one) I'll take a 30TP and I've seen the paring go down almost 100 and come back before the 4hr is up in the positive

Drawdown - -  I'm just placing .1 lots and the recommened pairings right now

--- 帖子 #709 ---
What is your own style at the best?

--- 帖子 #710 ---
Fantastic results  " at the best " , how are you doing this and what is your own style? What is you win loss ratio? And finally what gmt time is your broker on? Please elaborate. Thanks, Paris

--- 帖子 #711 ---
I am trying out basing the SL on 1% of account balance at every 4H basket trades. TP is base on 1.5-2.0% of equity balance.

TP is managed by EA... CLoseAtEquityAmount v1.0

SL is managed by EA... CloseTrades_After_Account_Loss_TooMuch

Lot size $0.02/pip for a $2k account balance.

Let's see how it goes.

--- 帖子 #712 ---
nice results, but if i compare your opened pairs with the indicator, it seems that you have other criterias for buying/selling or do nothing.

example: you sold CADJPY although they are both green, which would tell us not to trade.

so, how do you make your decisions?

greets

sentinel

--- 帖子 #713 ---
Using same EA's with a 60 sl per pair and 50 tp per pair, after trade is in my favor I turn off both EA's and switch to T101's 2protect(2). Went to sleep last night with around +400 (on 4 trades) and woke to closed trades around +3000 on a 3000 account, trading .1 per.

--- 帖子 #714 ---
Does anyone understand this?  If we have the latter 3 all trending in the same direction and the first one trending in the opposite direction thats a time to pay attention.  Maybe I should do basket weaving instead of basket trading.

--- 帖子 #715 ---
qz10cq,  sorry, I don't understand what you mean. Could you please explain it more? Thank you

--- 帖子 #716 ---
At the best evry body is telling his story here...what about you?

--- 帖子 #717 ---
I understand it, but I've been thinking of putting in a smaller TF for a different reason.

I'm using v103 with 1H, 4H and Daily indicator. Then entering when all 3 are showing the same strong signal, but entering on the 4H candle.

However, with the 12.00GMT 4H, I entered in the middle of a retracement which went to -150pips in 20 minutes. I eventually exitted 2 hours later with a 120pip profit, but the drawdown is no good to me.

Therefore adding a shorter TF e.g 15M or 30M should determine whether I'm in a retracement or not and hence get an immediate drawdown which has me paniccing.

PQ

--- 帖子 #718 ---
Sure, on FF's MTF indicator say we have it set for 15, 30, 60, 240. If the 30, 60, and 240 are all going up and the 15 is going down then we should be going up with the 15 as soon as it breaks in the up direction. We would be going with the strong trend which is the 30, 60, 240.  We would be buying on the dip of the 15.  Hope this makes sense.

--- 帖子 #719 ---
Opend with this status

--- 帖子 #720 ---
Do you have 1 ea managing all pairings or set up in each tab also the inputs in the ea is it loss or profit for the day or in total

if I have the equity amount set to 5600

ie if I start with $5000 and I'm up 500 today it will not close all

but tomorrow if Im up it will close all at 5600so then I should raise the equity number as I grow the account

the same goes for the loss is it total losses or just loss for the day

--- 帖子 #721 ---
The market swings more than 150- and comes back +150 very strange

The beaten currency pairs are trying to touch the SMA 30 in one hour chart

--- 帖子 #722 ---
after 20 mints Closed at

--- 帖子 #723 ---
Yeah I'm doing the same thing.  If I'm trading the 4hr then I have the 1hr in the indicator along with the daily.  I don't just buy if the indicator says buy, I usually put in a buy limit just above the breakout for that pair unless I see it trending strong in the direction I want to go then it just buy at market.

--- 帖子 #724 ---
Completely agree. Higher probablility trade and would negate the drawdown if you've entered in a retracement.

--- 帖子 #725 ---
Firt time I did reverse Trade +250 pip in pocket in half  hour and I know why because the badly beaten currency pairs are trying for a come back

will they come back

--- 帖子 #726 ---
I use 3 EA's on 2 charts solely for those EA's. If I have 4 trades on then my sl is -240 or 60 per pair with a tp of +200. Lately I apply T101's 2protect(2) EA if I'm +100 or more and remove the other 2 EA's which allows you to stay in the trade if it trends in your favor or puts you out of the trade with a profit if it trends against you. Thats exactly how I was a big winner last night of +3000 on 4 trades. If you were up +500 as you said above and applied 2protect(2) EA it would lock in 410 pips and allow the trades to breath which is what happened for me last night.

--- 帖子 #727 ---
PQ, I'm with you 100%. I have blindly entered and found myself in big dd. It usually comes back but those big dd are like pulling teeth for me. I like the 1-2-3 entry which is the breakout in the direction of the trend.  I've been using FF's MTF indictor with 3 tf's and when they agree I've been stepping to a lower tf and playing the breakout.

--- 帖子 #728 ---
Just trying to be sure I understand how your doing what you are doing.

Are you saying:

On 2 open charts (I guess it does not matter what charts they are as long as they are not the same?)  you place the following:

Chart A has:  CloseAtEquityAmount.

Chart B has: CloseTrades After Account Loss TooMuch.

Then you would when needed remove the first 2 EA's and open 1 copy of 2ProtectAccount[2] and attach to a  chart.

And these would all handle ANY open trades you have?

just checking to be sure I understand your approach.

--- 帖子 #729 ---
Yeah thats it TD,  any 2 charts, my daily just closed for the 3rd time today using that system for a total of +910.  I used FF's MTF with 4hr, daily, weekly as tf's (level 2) and a 80sl per pair with tp of 50 per pair until I can get to the 2protect EA.

--- 帖子 #730 ---
Nice trade again “at the best” but we all would appreciate your comments on your entry/exit strategy. Thanks.

--- 帖子 #731 ---
qz10cq

thanks for the info,   Just looking for a good way to manage all the trades.

--- 帖子 #732 ---
Yeah so am I Tommyd, just testing looking for the best way.

--- 帖子 #733 ---
Congratulations QZ10CQ...... Your approach appeals to me. Next week I'll have a go with that one. Thanks for EA's, etc., John

--- 帖子 #734 ---
@ FerruFX - Last question  How much difference is it between each currency that determines each Trade_Level?

(Trade_Level =2 means the difference has to be at least 5, Trade_Level =3 difference is .....etc ??) Thanks

--- 帖子 #735 ---
I like your approach, maybe there is someplace in the middle of all these approaches that will breed "successful".

--- 帖子 #736 ---
I'll 2nd that...congratulations. Your implementation of the lower TF turning to agree with the higher Tfs is definitely the entry. Your work with Goldcourse, along with Hariqp, cja, J. Edwards, FerruFX and ES is very much appreciated. Your work saves precious time. Thank you all.

ladecker

--- 帖子 #737 ---
My confidence level has increased with the system

Around  5   Hours  I was able to generate +2000 pip from us session

My strategey

TF 240 and TF 1440 and  Multi time frame for entry

For    Reversal of trade: I have started to use in One Hour chart

SMA 30,50,100

Just after the down trend a new four hour candle opened  and there are reversal signals on currency pairs. I cross check whether the one hour or 15 Mintue

Chart candle is showing the tendency to go and touch the SMA 30

If it shows the movement  to touch the SMA 30

Then I go for the reversal otherwise the normal trade

My last trade was mostly  reversals and gained +800 pip

One more week for demo then I will start my live trade

--- 帖子 #738 ---
All i can say is thanks again to ES for the system and ferru for the indicators. I think its safe to say most of us have had a pretty good week

--- 帖子 #739 ---
What I'd like to know is do I set this for my 4hr basket

or is it for the day

or is it for my total year to date

If I'm up $1000 from my original deposit

and have closeequityamount set to 500

will it close all trades because I'm up over $500 in total

also can you give a link to where these EA started or came from so I can read exactly what they do

Thanks in advance

--- 帖子 #740 ---
Thanx to let us know allways how you did on each trade.. I hope all the best rusult for you on live trade.

--- 帖子 #741 ---
Hi " at the best "

we are waiting you to show us your incridable style how to Entry the trade and got a lot of pips..

--- 帖子 #742 ---
Hey Guys, this will be my last post here as for some reason I'm not really wanted here, I guess my questions are to stupid. So here is my EA based on the original strategy (No reverse and Trade_Level 0)

Use EA with Indicator, you only need to attach it to one chart, best GBPJPY.

I'll respond only if there are problems with the EA

Good luck guys and Happy PIP'n

P.S. Thank you ES Trader for showing your system

--- 帖子 #743 ---
nice matrix. was looking for something like this.

--- 帖子 #744 ---
Amazing... that's what i can say...

I have tested blindly to open trade 5-10 minutes after a new candle at 4H chart starting and close 5-10 minutes before a new candle formed. I use CCFp_diff [v.1.04], Fast 1, Slow 2 and Trade Level 1. I have three Round loss (total -1879 pips) and 9 Round wins (total +13.811 pips).

Base on this test I found that the loss rounds is happened when the trend change (4H TF) from trending to consolidation or from consolidation to trending. The rest is work perfectly, i mean in the trending phase or consolidation phase everything work well. The loss rounds only happenned in the transitions phase from trending to consolidation or from consolidation to trending. (Sorry for my bad english explanations).

I agree with you all that suggested to use MTF to found the best ENTRY. I think that's the best way, but I suggest to use current version.

Next week I will start to test with the next step... I need more test to find the best way, rules and strategy to trade with basket (not individual pair).

ES, FerruFx, harigp, SM, John Edwards and all thanks for all of you contributions.

See you all next week...

KG

FerruFx: I'm waiting MTF Current version, hope you can share it soon.. God bless you my friend...

--- 帖子 #745 ---
Great work!!

I have a question about the MTF(I hope it is not a stupid one...I really don't know the answer)...In the timeframe selection areas, Can we select values if they don't correspond to a timeframe we have a chart for?

Example:Instead of 240 for a 4hr chart, I input 360 or 480 for a 6hr or 8hr timeframe.

Would that work?

KG: I saw in an earlier post you had different values of the MA in the indicator to represent trends for different timeframes...how did you arrive at these?

KG: Were you using the fast=1 slow=2 settings for your tests in the above result?

--- 帖子 #746 ---
You can not do that...

I use it live combine with my system for individual pair to trade and the results is amazing.. no loss and more confident.

Yes...

KG

--- 帖子 #747 ---
In your opinion is the fast=1, slow=2 a better setting? Does it capture more of the move?

How would you represent a 12 hour trend with MA's in this indicator?

Do you think the Sunday bar at IBFX taints the daily calculations on the latest MTF or current indicator?

Thanks again for all your help

--- 帖子 #748 ---
The best? I don't think so... The reason i use Fast=1 and Slow=2 is to capture the move early at 4H Time Frame as ES rules.

just set fast=1 and Slow=3 at 4H TF or Fast=1 and Slow=12 at 1H TF.

I don't know at IBFX... i'm using FXDD, FXOPEN and FXPRO

KG

--- 帖子 #749 ---
Hi Kang,

Just to know. You're using the multi timeframe v.1.04 indicator. Are your time frames 15 min, 30 min 60 min and 240 min? Thanks, Paris

--- 帖子 #750 ---
Sonic,

Please tell me what the difference is between this system, and the water level? If you refer back to the original system, the premise is that the pairs will return to a state of equalibrium (water level). This market has been trending heavily, and anyone betting on that would get killed. This system is merely a trend following system. No problem with that. But, that's what it is. Now the trend is short, and people are making tons of pips. Check back and you'll see a post by the originator himslef which proclaimed that Paris Hilton was correct after all. That the trades were meant to be REVERSED! That the pairs would return to ZERO (water level). Now that the market is heavily trending, it's back to where he started originally. So, let's face it, this system without a reversal follows the TREND. I never want to clutter up a thread with another system. You put these signals next to the systems of the dashboard on the "Kantor" system, and they are the exact OPPOSITE, or calling for REVERSAL trades. Right now, as we speak, the GBP/USd is 1060 PIPS below it's daily water level, the AUD/USD 610, and so on. These are extremes based on current chaotic economic conditions. When things level out, which they are prone to do, those betting the trend with seven or 8 pairs better be ready for drawdowns that will make a grown man cry.

--- 帖子 #751 ---
This market has been trending heavily, and anyone betting on that would get killed.

I meant to say...anyone betting AGAINST the trend would get killed.

--- 帖子 #752 ---
What are you talking about? There's no stupid question here.

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #753 ---
Yes I know!!! Will try to code it asap ...

Thanks all for your support.

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #754 ---
KG is absolutely right in his answer. You can't do that.

The only allowed number for Timeframes settings are the usual ones: 1-5-15-30-60-240-1440-10080

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #755 ---
A personal note about the actual results:

I think that try to lock some settings and conclusions based on actual results will be very dangerous. The market is too uncommon right now. Any system can make similar results with this kind of trending moves.

The MTF version might help us to filter in future ranging markets. Let the market slow down and we will see if we can find something interesting with those tools and methods shared here by you all.

Thanks again to all for your great ideas/methods/etc contributions.

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #756 ---
Well my experience last week using v.1.03 and doing the reversal trade until Thursday was about 50% winners. This isn;t too bad considering the market was trending heavily and the reversals work well when it's ranging. From what i see is that once the trade is going against you about -300 pips you might as well cut your losses short right there as it almost never comes back in your favor once it's down this much. That's the way I'd play it, putting a stop loss at -300 pips. Paris

--- 帖子 #757 ---
Hi Ferrufx,

I started putting the v.1.04 indi to the test beginning Thursday afternoon. I had the reversals set to true but on all 4 hr candles i've had so far the indi never gave and suggestions of reversals for any pair. I'm just hoping it's working correctly. Is that normal for four 4 hour candles in a row not even to have one pair suggesting it should be reversed? Seems a bit unusual. What do you think? Thanks, Paris

--- 帖子 #758 ---
I am sure your level is too low. Level set to 0 or 1 will never give you reversal.

Keep in mind that reversal when set to true will give pair to be reversed only when its currencies are below the level. Equal or above the level is normal suggestions.

Hope that makes sense.

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #759 ---
o.k that's what it is, i had it set to level 1. I'll put it at level 2 and see what happens. Thanks, Paris

--- 帖子 #760 ---
That's why my SL base on 1% of account balance and sometimes less than 1% . However, it is still early to tell the outcome.

--- 帖子 #761 ---
Does the reversal work this way...If level set to 4, once it gets to 4 then falls below 4, the reversals are suggested?

--- 帖子 #762 ---
The suggestions are given at the beginning of each candle. So if when the candle open, a pair was "normal" in the previous candle because above or = to level 4, and now below level 4, then yes it will then reversed.

In the "Current" version, suggestions update each tick if needed.

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #763 ---
For the test i use v.1.04 only not MTF...

Thanks.

KG

--- 帖子 #764 ---
Hi,

What I understand from this that you do your trend check on D1-H4-H1 agreement on FF's current indicator for a normal basket trade? An uptrend on all three......... You get a BUY on all 3 for Eurusd for instance.......... And you double check this agreement on an H1 chart using SMA's?

A trend reversal only on H1 (D1 and H4 still showing BUY).....Say on FF's current indicator you now get a SELL message for EurUsd..... You than do a reversal basket trade?

Maybe you would be so kind as to show a screenshot / example of your trade entry?

THX and have a nice weekend, John

--- 帖子 #765 ---
Dear John

Before starting this thread by ES, I was following the thread of chos therory

as well  the Alligator Theorey (called mama Vs baby alligator presented by

24 year old guy)

I was half way to use the same in Live but  the time factor was too long

to enter in trade and that too I have to monitor one single currency .

But I picked some intersting SMA 30,50 and 100

You can check the chart that in an uptrend  the candles in any time frame

tires to come back  to SMA 30 and down trend tries to go back to SMA 30

The terms like Pullback ( uptrend) Reverse(downtrend)

With our present system we all wait for the four hour candle to open to start

the trade and hit the currency with the reletive strength with the help of

CFF diff indi

Then we came with the situation of choppy market/consolidation and reverse

theory came in place.

yesterday the concept of SMA came to my mind and started to use them

with good result for reverse

Candles placed between 30 SMA and 50 SMA is period of consolidation

and better not to enter for trade

The CFF indi also indicates the same

I will be using the sma only for reverse trade

I am attaching the GPY/us$ 15 minutes as well as 1 hour and the 30SMA is

Red colour

--- 帖子 #766 ---
Sorry I missed this question. I always try to answer each question but the thread grow fast ...

So, take the difference between CCFp value[1] and value[2], then x 1000.

If difference is from 0 to 1, plot the first level

If difference is from 1 to 2, plot the 2nd level

And so on ...

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #767 ---
I like to stress that I am not coming up with any new system,I am following

the RS system only

My Main Indicator is CFF diff1.04current

I started to use SMA only for additional  confirmation for Reverse and only for

reverse.

Another Chart  eur/chf 15 minute candles between 50 and 100 sma consolidation

and again confirmed by CFF diff as no trade

--- 帖子 #768 ---
Yes, thread grows so fast  Thanks.

Ok, so lets say CAD[bar2] is 0.0510 and CAD[bar1] is 0.0497 Diff = 0.0013 X 1000 = 1.3

so since the value is between 1 and 2, this denotes Trade_Level 1 and also weak (-) because currency is going down ( 2>1) correct ?

same if value was between -1 and -2 , like -1.3, Trade_Level 1, right?

--- 帖子 #769 ---
Looking into the 4 hour charts on currency pairs, I think GBP,EU is going to be strong, US/CAD bull run will come to an end EU/AD bull run will start

OPEC is going to restrict the outflow of oil

--- 帖子 #770 ---
Hi Thread,

Interesting week. Put on a demo basket based on my previous emails. The basket swung from -1000 pips

to +1000 pips and settled at the friday close at +200 pips.

Isn't that what you want, Paris?

Lenoxer

--- 帖子 #771 ---
Hi matrixebiz,

First of all thanks for this great contribution. I will request you that your future updates also incorporate user input magic numbers, preferably one magic number for the basket ( is it possible?).  This will enable using the same account for manual and other EA trades.

I will then proceed to say that you should not be upset by undesired comments and remarks by other members. These disturbing comments are hardly justified but there will always be people doing what they know best and you will simply have to deal/bear them. At times these comments can also lead to some positive developments.

Please continue your contributions to the thread.

Thanks

TF

--- 帖子 #772 ---
Thanks for that and I'll add MagicNumber and Trade_Level in my next version.

--- 帖子 #773 ---
Hi " at the best "

As we can see you here in useful thread we are waiting you to show us your style how to Entry the trade and got a lot of pips ??..

As u got from this thread u can give too.

--- 帖子 #774 ---
No, I don't trade the last 4 hr. candle of the week. No, usually when a basket moves to +300 pips profit there's a good chance it won't swing the opposite way by that much but will rather have a winning session. When it starts losing -250 pips or more there's a good chance that'll be a losing session within those 4 hrs. Paris

--- 帖子 #775 ---
Hi Matrixbiz,

I just now sent you PM. Please read.

YOu are a good contributor. Please do not stop visiting.Every ones input is needed if we all want to succeed. Life is too short to get upset from any comments made by some one whom you have never seen or even talked to.

For god,s sake, This is an internet and I have no idea why any one takes things too serious.

And believe me, this system is real good and I know. I have been trading this with 80-85% return on Money.

Thanks again for every ones help.

I welcome every ones IDEA ( even if it is Crazy)and help.

Thanks.

Kris

--- 帖子 #776 ---
I send you PM .

--- 帖子 #777 ---
ES trader

is there any indicator you know or any one here could show you the 4H trend on the same chart for lower TF so at least you can glance where the higher trend is going in the same time you are watching the lower trend.

--- 帖子 #778 ---
You could try CustomCandle indic. you can set any TF up to the daily (1440) you can put lets say the D1 and H4 on 15min chart and it also has TimeShift .

--- 帖子 #779 ---
thanx pipo what am trying to say here is that when you have the signal ether buy or sell you can confirm the lower TF with the higher TF on the same chart so you can filter th signals mor quiqly..

thanx again.

--- 帖子 #780 ---
http://i33.tinypic.com/50iii8.gif

Something about all this relative strength has been bothering me.  I was thinking about this all week.  If we want to know how strong a currency pair is, we can look at how far up/down it is from the daily and/or weekly open.

Occam's razor:

"All other things being equal, the simplest solution is the best."

Price is either up or down for the time period.  What could be simpler than this?

--- 帖子 #781 ---
Are you using the CCfp 1.04-MTF? it does just that it only gives a signal if the chosen TF's agree with each other.

--- 帖子 #782 ---
Thank you

KG

--- 帖子 #783 ---
Great picture and post, PipClipper. I assume the indicator can be set for shorter time frames. I'd very much appreciate it if you could post the indicator. Thanks. By the way, Comdoc on his thread noted that the USD/CAD and USD/CHF usually run opposite the herd, and that can be readily seen in your attachment.

--- 帖子 #784 ---
http://i37.tinypic.com/aczaev.gif

A display showing the current and previous 4 bars ( right to left, just like the chart), can show the "relative strength" based on close - open for the time period.  This could also be considered trend.

--- 帖子 #785 ---
http://i36.tinypic.com/8xmp0x.gif

Did you mean time frames like H1 and H4?  Indicator works on any time frame.  I haven't finished it nor really tested it during the open market, so I don't want to upload it yet.

--- 帖子 #786 ---
in t101 system there is 14 pair that 100% gos against each ether ok so 7 of them is going up and 7 down so when you can see one of the group where is it heading and another one from ether group is going in opposite side you can be sure which signal is valid for any pair in the great CCfp 1.04-MTF indicator this what iam trying to do.. i hope its clear now.

--- 帖子 #787 ---
IMHO you would have show lower TF's as well like the H1 and M15. Then you have to scan 28 pairs across the different TF's the get a picture of its strength and to get entry points.

It should show similar results as ccpf_diff mtf on level0. Anyway could be interesting to see it in pips. Keep it up.

--- 帖子 #788 ---
I think your problem is that you didn't read the answers about your questions. You have the answer in my previous post:

--- 帖子 #789 ---
I am not sure what you would gain.  Remember, this is just showing the candle color for the last 5 bars on the chart.

The last 5 M1 bars would be the last M5 bar.

The last 3 M5 bars is M15.

The last 2 M15 bars is M30

The last 2 M30 bars is H1

The last 4 H1 bars is H1.

Of course one can argue, you'll see the "turns" happening on the faster time frames.

--- 帖子 #790 ---
http://i33.tinypic.com/muzmsn.gif

The red/green bar count per time frame already has been done.  I think that's superior to looking at the last five bars.

--- 帖子 #791 ---
PipClipper,

Let me explain the way I see it.

If in the first 30 minutes in the H1 bar we move up 110pip but then followed by down moves of 85 pip just towards the close of the H1 then the H1 would have gained 25 pip giving you an up signal.

On the other hand it could be that the first 30min is a 110 pip down follow by a 85 pip move up in the last 15minutes of the H1 giving you also an up signal

How would you define a valid up or down signal? And how do you determine the stength of the signal?

With the bias clearly up and visible on the last 2 M15 one would consider the H1 up as valid where as in the first excample the bias is down.

Maybe if you use an ATR and x% of pip to filter minor moves but you still wouldn't know where the strength of a signal in the H1 has occured unless you look at the M15 bars.

So it doesn't seem to be that simple.LOL

The man different is you follow the pairs as the ccfp follows the currency.

That is where I see the ccfp Mtf and the use the level setting is doing a great job. Where the CFFp determines a signal by strength of a single currencies and pairs it with the opposite. Together with the level setting you can filter minor moves and over lets say 3 TF's you have to be able to nail a good entry point.

But keep at it I still like the idea

--- 帖子 #792 ---
You're right. The relative strength can't be calculated with only the pair where the indi is attached like does the PipClipper's one (it seems).

The calculation has to be done with multiple pairs. It is the CCFp. Trying to do differently will be offtopic in my opinion.

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #793 ---
but that doesn't make sense because from 0 to 1 is like Trade_level 0 because from no change (0) to some small change like 0.1 is like TL 0 so wasn't sure when you said plot 1st level, you mean TL1 ??

Oh, well, I'll figure it out no biggie

--- 帖子 #794 ---
FerruFx, thanks for reminding us got carried away. Yes it is now off topic but to its defence it originated first from CCFp idea .

I think PipClipper should persue it now further in a new thread.

I will be following it.

PipClipper hope you understand it should go in its own thread.

Have a look at smjones.
Do You Have an Idea? Don't Want a New Thread? Post it Here  Thread

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=119445

--- 帖子 #795 ---
Ok. I re-phrase: "plot 1st colored square".

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #796 ---
For some reason mt4 crashes when I attach the EA. This happens when I change the time frame after attaching the EA. I am using Vista. I am wondering whether this is a Vista problem or my computer. I donot face such problems with any other indicator or EA.

Also whether this is a problem with XP?

TF

--- 帖子 #797 ---
Seems Ok here. Are you using the latest version of MT4 (build 218)? Anyone else?

--- 帖子 #798 ---
Because it was compiled with Build 218 and you use a build less than 218.

I had the same issue with my tools and now I compile all with build 217 until MT4 solve the issue.

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #799 ---
Calling this "off topic" is your way of protecting your turf.  Keep the people dependent on your code that you don't share the source.   Fear not.  I post no more here.

--- 帖子 #800 ---
I didn't ask you to move from this thread. Never.

I said that "it seems" that your calculation of the strength doesn't use the multiple pairs which is the theme of this thread. That's all.

About my own code, it is my choice to not share the source. If it's a problem here, I will remove all versions and won't post any new ones.

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #801 ---
I think you are absolutely wrong my friend. I believe FerruFx has a reason why he is not share the source and i could understand that. Why ? If you follow all forum you will be know the reason. You can ask SMJones, CJA, MLaden etc.....

KG

--- 帖子 #802 ---
No need to post the source, ignore him bud. Just like me posting my EA with no source, not needed, it's still free for you all. You don't need people mucking around with the program and posting bad variations of it. They can make there own.

--- 帖子 #803 ---
It's not a problem for me !!!! I don't care it's ex4 or mq4

Please, we still need you here...

KG

--- 帖子 #804 ---
Exactly.

Anyway, if you look at the PipClipper's indicators (design) and his way to write  posts, I am almost sure of who he is. A well known coder around there who posts always the mq4 file and always requesting the same for others. He was also banned of many places.

If I am wrong, please PipClipper accept my apologize.

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #805 ---
Here's attached the new releases of the CCFp-Diff and CCFp-Diff MTF.

Now both versions have included the option "current" (true/false) instead of having a separate version.

The MTF version have the Alert coded when at least 1 suggestion is there at the new refreshing period (the smallest of the 4 TFs selected in the inputs).

Enjoy.

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #806 ---
many thanks FerruFx.

--- 帖子 #807 ---
Thank you FerruFx , I certainly do appreciate it especially doing it over the weekend.

--- 帖子 #808 ---
Hey ferrufx, I know that you like programming nice graphics in your codes....

if you want to learn more, look at this....http://forum.mql4.com/13898

--- 帖子 #809 ---
Thank you FerruFx.

I could start my next step testing on Monday hehehee great works.

KG

--- 帖子 #810 ---
Kang_Gun, May I ask what TFs do you plan to use in CCfp-Diff MTF (current)? Thanks

--- 帖子 #811 ---
Thanks.

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #812 ---
Matrixbiz,

We value your input and you have always been a great contributor on this forum.  Please don't leave our thread. I'm looking forward to trying your EA.  Remember, there are "no stupid questions."

1Trader2

Moderator

--- 帖子 #813 ---
Remember Matrixbiz and FerruFx you can't please everyone all the time and believe me you guys are pleasing most.  FF your indicator is the heart of everything I'm doing now and hopefully I won't need it because of MB's EA.  Thank you guys and a host of others on this thread, please keep up the great work.

--- 帖子 #814 ---
Thanks FerruFX, that was the problem. For some reason, this instance of FXDD mt4 is not offerring the update popup. I tried executing "liveupdate" directly but nothing happens. For now I resolved the problem by copying the terminal.exe from another instance which has worked, however this is probably not the best way to update.

Will see if the EA works.

Thanks

TF

--- 帖子 #815 ---
PipClipper, I donot see any indicators from you (exe/mq4)?????????

I donot see your post an iota of help for this thread. You are welcome to open your own thread and perhaps we will see mq4 indicators/EAs there???

Hopefully your thread will be useful for those following it and if it is good enough you will see me there. Till then please keep your promise  "I post no more here".

Thanks

TF

--- 帖子 #816 ---
I think FerruFX was right. His indicator posted is the type made by a certain arrogant person who inundated another thread with his indicators, of which he has thousands, and threw a fit when he couldn't get the code for the indicator that others spent months making. The people here know who I'm referring to. The indicator posted is very similar to the ones he has in his arsenal, and he has numerous aliases because he gets banned. If anyone can put a damper on a thread, he can.

=TradeForexFx;2304913]PipClipper, I donot see any indicators from you (exe/mq4)?????????

I donot see your post an iota of help for this thread. You are welcome to open your own thread and perhaps we will see mq4 indicators/EAs there???

Hopefully your thread will be useful for those following it and if it is good enough you will see me there. Till then please keep your promise "I post no more here".

Thanks

TF[/quote]

--- 帖子 #817 ---
We are refering the exact same person !

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #818 ---
I'm in need of your clarity please. My confusion : In the quote you refer to Multi time frame (Indicator=Multi) then mention a new 4H candle with reversals (indicator = v1.04?). The Multi T F indicator does not give Reversals. I could drag this out with a number of possibilities but, I would rather just ask...What are your specific indicator versions on ea. T F or Multi T F for TF 240, TF 1440 and 60 TF?

Hope this is clear?

lad

P.S. Your later posts were a big help, John Edwards too. Then FerruFx has 2 new versions2. Please take your time ,weave this together and then update, thanks

--- 帖子 #819 ---
You make false accusations.  You have no proof.  Look at what you wrote:

"A well known coder around there who posts always the mq4 file ..."

That means others can use that code to build their own indicators which is exactly what I did.

Why do you want people to reinvent the wheel?

That's pure ego and arrogance!  Giving people .EX4 is like giving them fish.  Giving people .MQ4 is teaching people to fish.  Posting trading signals is giving people fish.  Posting trading methods is teaching people to fish.

--- 帖子 #820 ---
Ok, what's going on here  Can we get back to ignoring the people that are here solely to get threads closed by the moderators. Please people, only discuss the system and not other crap. There are people here that work for the Brokers and try to get people to run fedup and to quit making great systems. I got caught up in the mess too but have my head back on straight  Lets get back to testing and making pips

--- 帖子 #821 ---
Now I am positive this PipClipper is the guy who I thought he was. he changes his name more than I change socks. But, you can tell who he is by his arrogance, and his incessant posting of some of the thousands of indicators that he has lying around that he dusts off and modifies in an attempt to change what everyone else is doing. If you ask him he's the best coder known to mankind. if you ask him, he's just trying to help people. If you ask him, he's smarter than anyone else in the world. Pure arrogance is the word for this man. My belief is that he wants the coding so he can modify it, and claim that he made it better. Now we all know who Pip Clipper is. It is best to just ignore him. he's like a bad habit that doesn't go away.

--- 帖子 #822 ---
If you think you know who this person is, just report him using the report button and ask admin to do a IP search on who you think he is. Then if he is him, he will be banned under multiple user names.

Until then, I suggest people just ignore the posts until it is resolved one way or the other. It always takes at least 2 to argue...

--- 帖子 #823 ---
PLEASE PLEASE THE SUBJECT HERE IS
Trading System Using Relative Strength

ONLY!

--- 帖子 #824 ---
hi " at the best "

why you run away if we ask you to explain your profit style of using Relative Strength

As you want to get benifit from this subject try to give also.. dont be selfish.

just look at all member here .. quastion each other and answer each other..

--- 帖子 #825 ---
Most of us know who he is, smjones. If I did that, he'd just be back under some other name, just like he has always done. I thought it fair to warn others of his MO, which is to clutter up a thread with his own completely different versions of indicators. He has a habit of completely taking over a thread if you let him. To me, he's the Darth Vader of forex. That's all I'll say on the subject. No more "arguing".

--- 帖子 #826 ---
Actually we can place CCFp_diff at any TF... all suggestions is depend on your CCFp_diff setup...

KG

--- 帖子 #827 ---
I will use CCFp_diff [v1.04_current], CCFp_diff [v2.0] and CCFp_diff [v2.0-MTF]. All MA period will be set to Fast=1, Slow=2 and Trade Level 1. CCFp_diff [v2.0] and CCFp_diff [v2.0-MTF] will be set to "Use current = True".

Here is my plan:

1. I will use CCFp_diff [v2.0] suggestions to decide which pairs should be trade.

2. I will use CCFp_diff [v2.0-MTF] suggestions as a trigger to open the trade.

3. I will use CCFp-diff [v1.04_current] that i set to H4,H1,M15 and M5 for monitoring the price movement. Base on this i will set my EXIT strategy for each pair that already OPEN. and here is my chart setup picture...

Thanks

KG

--- 帖子 #828 ---
KG
Thanks for all the work you've done
And all the others on this tread

I have a question on some cff settings

Do you have the following set?

use bar instead of MA   true
ma_method  3
Price 6
Fast 1
Slow 2
Reverse True

Is this set in all of your CCF FILES?
How do you plan to use the ccfp-diff {2.0-MTF) to trigger an open

I will list my method but I like yours (and "at best" if he ever lets us know
He is probably on holiday with all of his winnings) I want to try it out next week

Also I'm wondering if ES is still sticking to his original plan I'm running his on one of my demos and it is I feel doing the best right now and has the least amount of work to do to set up the trades. It takes 5 mins . . .  set it and forget it

I had a very good week running 4 demo 1 was up 170% on one an other was up over 10% and 2 other were basically even.

I want to run them again this week and get the T/P S/L down I would have done way better on all 4 demos' with better MM

Dave

--- 帖子 #829 ---
Just received a PM from him. Its content and attitude confirm what we are thinking.

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #830 ---
use bar instead of MA = false (default)

Reverse = False (default)

I just change :

Use.current = true

Fast = 1

Slow = 2

Trade Level = 1

The others still use default setup....

OK.. CCFp_diff_[v2.0] suggestions are base on H4 (in my setup) conditions and will change if the conditions is change too (current setup). And CCFp_diff_[v2.0-MTF] will show a suggestion to trade when our setup is match... that's why i will use CCFp_diff_[v2.0-MTF] as a trigger.. to find the best ENTRY point.

Thanks

KG

--- 帖子 #831 ---
Thanks

wasn't exactly sure

For entry trigger do you look at the CCF 2.0 and see if the same signal is ON in the CCF 2.0 MTF?

For exit watching the bars move and act accordingly?

Thanks in advance

--- 帖子 #832 ---
KG, so does it mean you will monitor your open trades all day (24/7)?

--- 帖子 #833 ---
How did you get the histograms to display on the right side of the chart like that?

--- 帖子 #834 ---
Just use the X and Y settings to move boxes and/or comments where you want on your chart.

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #835 ---
I notice that with the newest version(MTF:with it set up for current) that the pairs change constantly with the buy and sell suggestions...It may be hard to test this KG...do you think?

--- 帖子 #836 ---
Thanks FerruFx!!

--- 帖子 #837 ---
Yes this is normal as it is based on the current CCFp values which change constantly.

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #838 ---
Yes i know that. That's why i use CCFp_diff [v1.04_current] that i set for H4, H1, M15 and M5 to monitor the price movements. And CCFp_diff-[v2.0-MTF] suggestion tell which pair that's already match with my criteria to ENTRY.

KG

--- 帖子 #839 ---
For your info, you can use the v2.0 with "current" set to true instead of the old v1.04_current version.

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #840 ---
Yes... i just check it. Cool... everything in there now.. just set what we want..

Thank you

KG

--- 帖子 #841 ---
Yes, but what values are you looking at to determine what level it will be at?

When I calculated AUD on the CCFp indicator Bar2 and Bar1 it gave me a difference of 3.2 but your indicator plot it level 2 and CHF is -0.6 and your Indi plot it on level 2 also??

Please show me what your criteria is when determining the level and looks like level 0 and 1 are the same.

Thank you, hope I'll understand soon

--- 帖子 #842 ---
Please show me screenshots of your chart with the Data Window open showing the CCFp values. CCFp-Diff on your chart of course to compare.

Need all settings of the CCfp and CCFp-Diff.

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #843 ---
Ok, here is what I'm looking at (See pic)

Top shot is 20:00 (bar2) and Bottom shot is 00:00 (bar1)

AUD -0.0439 subtract -0.0471 = 0.0032 X 1000 = 3.2 Level 3

CHF 0.0209 subtract 0.0215 = -0.0006 X 1000 = -0.6 Level 1

Thanks man, where am I going wrong?  heading off to bed now.

--- 帖子 #844 ---
Ok, Bar2 at 20:00, Bar1 at 00:00 ... What was the time of the current bar?

As requested, I need also the CCFp and CCFp-diff settings.

Which version of the CCFp do you use? The CCFp-Diff calculation use the ORIGINAL CCFp indicator calculation.

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #845 ---
Ok, I checked on my IBFXm (the same as yours) and the 20:00 bar has the exact same values as yours BUT the 00:00 bar was obviously not close when you took your screenshot.

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #846 ---
Not sure if what I will write below was already posted, but here's a idea for exit:

Still with the original ES strategy, entry with the H4 candle (after all calculation refreshed). Check the H4 and H4 current. If the H4 has its suggested pairs also in the H4 current, then entry. Now set in the H4 current only the pairs which was entered with the H4 (I suggest level 0 in the H4 current). And now watch the H4 current. As soon as 1 pair disappear, exit this pair instead of waiting the new H4 candle.

Let me know your thoughts on this idea.

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #847 ---
11 indicators.

File UEGCJ.h is going to \MetaTrader 4\experts\include\

Other 11 files - indicators (\MetaTrader 4\experts\indicators\).

Name of the first indicator is Complex: we may see the pairs and trend.

Other indicators are the signal ones.

--- 帖子 #848 ---
Will these work on IBFX mini account?

--- 帖子 #849 ---
i dont know you can give it atry

--- 帖子 #850 ---
Hi, the 00:00 bar was closed, I was into the 04:03 bar. When I look at it now it is a little different  Does it re-paint? I just use the default settings for CCFp and CCFp-Diff - 3,6,3,5.

Can you post the CCFp.mq4 indicator your using since the Original doesn't work with IBFXm so I download another one attached. Thanks

Maybe I need to keep the indi added on the chart for it to be more accurate??

--- 帖子 #851 ---
At the very beginning you have to wait all pairs involved in the CCFp calculation refreshed. So yes the CCFp-Diff repaint few seconds/minutes at the beginning of each candle. We all know that since the very beginning of this thread (remember the 15/30mins delay).

Next time, look at the values at half time of the candle and try to find the same issue you noticed. I doubt you find one.

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #852 ---
matrixebiz,

I forgot, before look at the CCFp values, you must reload the indicator because it has a refreshing issue (i talk about the CCFp with the lines).

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #853 ---
Hi, yes I know about giving it time, but since your indicator refreshes quick, I thought 3 min was more than enough time, I loaded up a Standard IBFX account so I could see the Original CCFp values and my CCFp values, They are different  Was there not a version of the inid in the old thread that I think Skyline fixed the refresh issue?

--- 帖子 #854 ---
With the CCFp indicator what does the All_Bars and Last_Bars option do?

--- 帖子 #855 ---
Again the CCFp-Diff doesn't refresh quicker. You're the only one who doesn't (want to) understand. In the calculation there's 7 (SEVEN) pairs which have to receive their first tick for their own new bar. So nothing can do this quicker.

Please re-read the entire thread in order to understand what we are all talking about here.

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #856 ---
Please look in the CCFp code ... you'll know ... if you can read a code ... you're a coder, right?

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #857 ---
http://www.forexfactory.com/attachme...7&d=1224845490

Why if we ask you what is your style you run away from thread.. u came here to read and to get benifit.. why you run away if someone need from you Answer?

its selfish is shame.

--- 帖子 #858 ---
hi wedwed...

can you share your setting?

I've been trading with original one and come with losses..

please help

thanks

--- 帖子 #859 ---
How do you have one buy and the rest sells?  What is your own style.  The object here is to share what is working, please do so.

--- 帖子 #860 ---
No, I'm not really a coder, just make simple EA's but I'll look at it.

But you see it was 3 minutes or more before my indicator refreshed it's currencies but yours did it quicker, I guess you don't see it as quicker but if not then why my values changed again later in the bar. Oh, well. I check it thanks, I think it is the indicator I'm using.

--- 帖子 #861 ---
Hi matrixebiz,

Tried your EA. There seems to be something wrong. The EA opens a lot of buys and sells at the same time (approx 30 transactions). It also does not close any at the beginning of the next bar.

Goes on to open further 30 transactions in the next bar.

TF

--- 帖子 #862 ---
hm, shoulda skipped this session. getting rocked had buy signals on audjpy, gbpjpy, nzdusd, and sell on usdchf lol.

--- 帖子 #863 ---
this is (at the best) post in another forum which also he dump and left with out a trace thinking that he got it..

i hope it will help i think he is just flowing the indicator that's it like Paris Hilton she was success until things gos around.

--- 帖子 #864 ---
Updating, my daily system +200 and my 4hr +500.  I didn't apply the 2protect(2) ea to the daily because I wasn't +100 when I went to bed.

--- 帖子 #865 ---
Ok, I'll take a look. I'm going to post a new version. It doesn't close all trades before the new candle, should it? you should have them all closed way before then, but I'll see about adding that option.

--- 帖子 #866 ---
you are here at the best shame on you ....

i regret that i trusted you .....

--- 帖子 #867 ---
FerruFx, what settings for All_bars and Last_bars do you use?

--- 帖子 #868 ---
Perhaps an option to close any remaining contracts of the given magic number at the open of the new bar and then proceed to open the applicable trades from the new bar.

Or maintain the trades which are also applicable from the new bar, close the rest from previous bar trade and open the remaining trades applicable from the new bar. (Too complicated?)

TF

--- 帖子 #869 ---
Dear Coders,

Can someone write an indicator that will plot the P/L

of a basket as a "live" line (that doesn't need to be refreshed) with two MAs of that P/L? Happy to pay a nominal fee.

My best,

Lenoxer

--- 帖子 #870 ---
My last 4hr session netted a +50 because I had the 2protect(2) ea attached.

--- 帖子 #871 ---
I've looked on the forums for specific directions on how to use some of these MM ea's recommended here. When I use them either they don't trigger and I get killed in losses or they close out with a few dollars of winings.

I've tried different settings with different ea I just can't grab how they work

I don't want to tie down the thread with discussing this but if someone has a link to it on the foum I would love it

PS  Stop with the 'Where are you AT BEST"

For what ever reasons he doesn't want to share

but let us keep sharing

I'm getting killed today but part of it is my MM ea are screwing me and my goal this week was to continue to develop a system and to learn MM with this system

--- 帖子 #872 ---
Doesn't matter. It isn't part of the calculation.

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #873 ---
Ok, so it is only for chart display.

--- 帖子 #874 ---
I like it. And I would want to do the same with D1 and D1 current in agreement with H4. They would be the set-up. The trigger would be H4 current as you suggest. Very creative exit watching it disappear. Could take it down to H1 and disappear there. Now, I'm watching the screen 24/7...no good. May take it up to W1, D1, 4H. That be too far off topic unless 4H was the entry. Starting to ramble. Thanks for the idea. Will apply to my D1 system. Let you know how it goes. Regards, lad

--- 帖子 #875 ---
FerruFX,

You mention somewhere back in the thread that you multiply the change by 1,000 and then round the number.

Are you using MathRound()? Or something else?

--- 帖子 #876 ---
Hello RR. I was wondering if you are still using your Relative Strength EA that you introduced in the ES's first thread? If yes, have you made any upgrades to it? Good to see you back. Thanks.

--- 帖子 #877 ---
The original still makes money but instead of a 30 pip TS and 100 pip SL, it's now 10 and 20. + spread where appropriate.

I'm in the process of upgrading it =D

--- 帖子 #878 ---
Thanks, RR.  I am using it too.  I will make those adjustments.  Look forward to the Latest Version.

Misterpipster

--- 帖子 #879 ---
was messing with this before market close last weekend, is minimum change supposed to be .2 or .02 if i wanted a trade level of 2(as per ferrus indi)?

--- 帖子 #880 ---
Depends on your broker. I use a 5 digit broker, so I use 0.02 4 digit broker should be 0.2

--- 帖子 #881 ---
of course only 4 level 2 trades and none of them on fxdd lol. guess it'll be another 4 hours before i can use it. lol

--- 帖子 #882 ---
AUD/CHF Trade...Took recommendation from the MTF 2.0 with TF's H4 and Daily. FAST = 3, SLOW = 5, Trade level 2. Soon as recommendation was given as a sell, I opened chart adn scaled down to 15 min to avoid drawdown. Entry was set to the low to the prior dip. The verticle line is where entry was executed. Price went as far as 95. S/L now set at b/e. Lets hope for a runner!

Adam

--- 帖子 #883 ---
Doesn't work on IBFX mini account

--- 帖子 #884 ---
Ron,

Glad to know you may be upgrading EA. Can you please incorporate FerruFx V.1.04 indicator WITH Reverse WHEN INDICATED. and level 2.

Thanks

Kris

--- 帖子 #885 ---
No. With NormalizeDouble(.....,0)

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #886 ---
hi kris,

i'd like to know what broker you use?

thanks

--- 帖子 #887 ---
That's what I'm doing, don't worry.  I can't directly interface with FerruFX, so I have to reverse engineer it and then do the math internally.

--- 帖子 #888 ---
When I do that, my values are generally off by one. (See pictures). I'm calling values from the attached indicator using the settings: 3, 6, 3, 5,

--- 帖子 #889 ---
Technical PM was just sent!

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #890 ---
Ok, looks like everything lines up. Thanks for the clarification FerruFX.

This is version 2 of my original EA in the first thread. I have decided not to pursue the cross variation largely because it ended up being just another MA cross, and unprofitable in a ranging period.

This EA works the same way as the last one. You attach one EA to the chart for each pair you want to trade. All of the "Main Settings" are the same as in any of my EAs, so there should be no surprises there.

I'll explain the CCFp Settings:MA_Method = CCFP indicator setting Price = CCFP Indicator Setting Fast = CCFP Indicator Setting Slow = CCFP Indicator Setting TradeHighestOnly: If set to true, then all the EAs involved will communicate with each other through GlobalVariables to determine which one among them has the largest difference between the Base and the Counter Currencies. For example, if EUR is - 5, USD is + 2, and GBP is -1.EURUSD has a score of 7 GBPUSD has a score of 3 EURGBP has a score of 4 Of this group, EURUSD would be the one traded for that bar.  IdentifyHighestPair: If you're like me and you just have an array of black charts with only the EA comments displayed, this may be useful to you. It sets the entire chart of the highest pair the color you choose in the "Color" setting. Color: Color relating to IdentifyHighestPair MinutesDelayStart: I haven't figured out a reliable enough tick-checking code, so I just use a delay. This is the start of the delay period calculated from the bar's open time. MinutesDelayEnd: This is the end of the delay period. All trades will happen between the start periods and end periods. If you are getting trade context errors, try staggering the times a little bit so one EA goes from 5 to 10 minutes, and another EA 11 to 15, etc. There is minimal detection in the EA for Trade Context Busy largely because (for me at least) it leads to missed signals. TradeLevel: This works the same way as FerruFX's indicator's trade level. You choose a trade level, and if both currencies in a pair are above this level, the EA takes a trade in the recommended direction. TradeReversals: If set to true, the EA will trade reversals as suggested in FerruFX's indicator. Note, there is no connection between FerruFX's indicator and my EA. I have reverse-engineered FerruFX's indicator--with his help--and implemented the important logic into the EA.A reversal requires one currency to be long and the other currency to be short, and at least one of the currencies is below the trade level.  UseCurrent: This shifts from using [0] and [1] (Set to true) to using [1] and [2] (Set to false). As I'm currently using this EA:

I'm trading the following pairs:AUDUSD EURCHF EURGBP EURJPY EURUSD GBPCHF GBPJPY GBPUSD NZDUSD USDCAD USDCHF USDJPY Each EA has:A unique magic number 20 pip SL + spread 10 pip TP + spread All signals are traded. UseCurrent set to false. TradeReversals set to true TradeLevel set to 4. You need the indicator in the metatrader/experts/indicator folder in order for this to work.

I do not support IBFX pairs and I will not code a separate EA to accommodate. If you can find me a CCFp indicator which does both IBFX pairs and regular pairs, I'll edit the EA so the EA uses that indicator instead.

[EDIT] Replaced the CCFp indicator with a universal one thanks to Shiva. Make sure you overwrite the CCFp indicator.

--- 帖子 #891 ---
Attached

--- 帖子 #892 ---
Since the indicator has the same name and inputs. , just make sure you overwrite the other one.

--- 帖子 #893 ---
LOL that's what I was about to ask you - well the issue is resolved

--- 帖子 #894 ---
Great.. thanks RR

KG

--- 帖子 #895 ---
Thanks RR. Great work!

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #896 ---
fantastic job on the ea rr

--- 帖子 #897 ---
Hello, sorry for my english. I would like to tell thanks ES Trader and to all people who took in it part. I have a question to FerruFX. Whether it is possible to make so that candles TF 5 min were painted in red colour if last candles Н4 have shown sell and in green if they have shown buy. Similarly for TF 1Н. If it is difficult, I am ready to pay, and result to lay out for all here. Thanks.

--- 帖子 #898 ---
Basically it would be possible but only in real time, not in history. In other words, colored candles will be plot step by step when the time past.

I tried to send you a PM but it seems that you don't allow receiving PM. Please send me a PM with clear explanation of what is your request.

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #899 ---
hi all...

I've trading with this system..

but does anyone trade consistenly? because i dont...

if anyone can trade consistently, please let us know...

thank a lot

--- 帖子 #900 ---
I do and it was long time ago...

Thanx to

ES Trader

FerruFx

And all the others.

With all respect,

atb

--- 帖子 #901 ---
But not thanx for you becase you want just to observe information from here and run away if some one ask you how..

--- 帖子 #902 ---
No not true ...

--- 帖子 #903 ---
Hi,

i spend alot of time reading the rs1 and rs2 threads and it was worth every second. Im still a bit confused about all the different set ups and trading styles. But anyway great idea and great participation.

My question:

Isn't it possible to add CCFp-Diff(V.2.0) and CFFp-Diff (v. 2.0 MTF) in one chartwindow? If i do so they overwrite themself even when i change the coords.

Thx

Stefan

--- 帖子 #904 ---
pepole here know you well..

i hope you not go to anther Arabic fourm and tell that this is your system..

Just serch your post here and you will know what "selfish" mean.

See if some one ask Who know this system

You Will say " i know it " and " i have my style "

but if some one ask you How?

you just ignor him..

--- 帖子 #905 ---
You have to give the 2nd indicator a different ID number as well

--- 帖子 #906 ---
Stefan,

There's an input in the parameters to set an unique indicator_ID. Just change this each time you add a new one on the same chart.

Don't forget also to set different X and Y in the inputs to move each indicator in a different place.

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #907 ---
Arfff ... thanks Pipo. You are quicker than me !!!

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #908 ---
Great work on the EA Ronald

--- 帖子 #909 ---
Thx alot.

Stefan

--- 帖子 #910 ---
With the new indicator is IBFXm supported now?

--- 帖子 #911 ---
Once again it' true when I say by my own style.

BUT the thing that it is not true that I’ve said that it is my system ( every one knows that ES TRADER is the man )

So please have fun with your life and hope al the best for you

--- 帖子 #912 ---
HI all,

i still get no response from you guys.. i think this system is good. i've tried so many settings but i still have not found the consistent one..

do you know the consistent setting to use this system?

thanks

--- 帖子 #913 ---
H 1 and H4 MA 1 and  2  current  in Multi time frame

Good result

--- 帖子 #914 ---
hi harigp...

please be more specific.. like tradelevel.. reverse or not.. something like that.

thanks a lot

--- 帖子 #915 ---
I know some of you are using my multi-purpose trade manager. I have added a multi-part trade-closure facility that might be helpful, as part of the jumping stop routine. Follow the link in my signature to download it.

soul has spotted a bug in the basket trading trailing stop routine, so use it with caution until I work out what the problem is.

--- 帖子 #916 ---
Thank you steve....

KG

--- 帖子 #917 ---
Thanks for that SteveH.

Adam

--- 帖子 #918 ---
For the ones that are taking the signals as is and have there indi setup with the option "current" set to true. How are you dealing with the re-painting, so to speak, signals? Meaning, when you are recommended a buy/sell from your indicator setup and you take the recommendation then the signal is no longer on the recommendations, then comes back a few mins/hours later, how are you handling this in your overrall position? Thanks in advance.

Adam

--- 帖子 #919 ---
Hi Ron,

many thanks for your time and efforts to code a decent EA trying to reflect ES system. However, after testing your latest version, I have noticed a couple of problems which need to be fixed:

1= the EA - with your suggested settings - does not trade enough as per ES system

2) I have set the TradeHighestOnly to true according to your instructions and no trade has been made for 4 hours (since I started it).

Do you think you can improve these issues?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #920 ---
Hi Raygun,

Thanks very much for EA. I am going to test it.This will now help me to take trades even when I am asleep.

I have been trading on my Live account, this system.I am still able to maintain about 80-90% success rate.

Thanks

Kris

--- 帖子 #921 ---
Mates,

It took 3 X 4hour candles to read the two threads and all I want to say is a big thank you for all and specially for EStrader,Ferrux and Paris for the wild idea.

Thank you

B

--- 帖子 #922 ---
It should be, I swapped indicators in that post.

--- 帖子 #923 ---
The comments printed by the EA is posted in the upper left corner of the chart.

One of the EAs should be saying "Highest" under 'Current Rank:'

What do the comments say?

And for the record, I didn't set tradehighestonly to true.

--- 帖子 #924 ---
Kris;
Are you still sticking with your original system?
Please update us on what you are doing now
This thing has morphed in different directions and I'm trying to stay true to the original concept just wondering what settings you've changed
Thanks

--- 帖子 #925 ---
I have not made any changes to my plan.

I am sticking with my original plan. I just use ferrufx v.1.04 with option to reverse, and level 2. I have ben so far making about 1200 pips average a day.This is taking into account that I am not taking trades at night. Now with rayguns EA hopefully I can.

I have been saying for a long time that this is probably the most simple system I have ever come across. I see many changes made to the system in the form of MTF indicators, etc.  But I just use one indicator as mentioned above..

I think You should try it as well.

Thanks

Kris

--- 帖子 #926 ---
I'm with you. I'm having mixed results with both v1/04 that tells you when to reverse. I'm also having mixed results with v/1.04 MTF indicator. It's only been profitable about 50% of the time for me following both indicators. I think you can't trade it for all 4 hours and hope you're profitable. You need to get out when you have some profit and close it when you're down a few hundred pips. I'm going to try Ronald Reagan's EA. Thanks, RR, Paris

--- 帖子 #927 ---
AUD/JPY Trade...Received recommendation on MTF 2.0 H4 and Daily, Fast=3. Slow=5, Trade level 2, for AUD/JPY Buy signal. I then scaled down to 15 min TF and waited for a entry to avoid possible drawdown. Entry is where vertical line and break of previous resitance. Stop loss moved to lock 100 pips.

Adam

--- 帖子 #928 ---
When do you close your trades within the 4 hour period? Also do you use Stop losses? Thanks

--- 帖子 #929 ---
How is the indicator determining which trades to reverse? I forgot that part, since your not reversing all trades. Paris way was to reverse all trades but the indicator doesn't reverse all.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #930 ---
The v2 MTF indicator pops up trades every so often, which disappear after anywhere from just a second to a minute or so. I have Use Current set to true, and trade level set to Zero. Most of the trades I've taken have been winners. Can't take them all as I'm not here 24/7. But, so far, this looks like it would work out for quick 20 pippers, or even larger. Have about 6 trades open and they are up from 50 to 100 pips each.

--- 帖子 #931 ---
For Reverse Tade

In the Indicator say reverse True and set the  Trade Level 3 or 11

--- 帖子 #932 ---
Here a similar trading method

--- 帖子 #933 ---
FerruFx, thank you for your great indicator
I love your indicators.. it's help a lot.Here a similar trading method
I think the combination of two indicator (CCFp + Index_RSI_MA)
It will give us a good result.

I'm sorry for my poor English.

--- 帖子 #934 ---
Qucik Fix +160 pip

Market is trending up

H1 H4 MA 1 AND 2 CURRENT

rEVERSE TRADE FALSE

--- 帖子 #935 ---
who has the index-rsi ma indicator?? woudlnt mind attaching it to my charts for a bit

--- 帖子 #936 ---
here indicator

--- 帖子 #937 ---
I somewhat agree and the one account that was up 170% last week was using your system. I was using FF-1.04 but I was copy pasting it into a spread sheet someone made and it highlighted my trades

This week I haven’t traded much (I have to actually work every once in awhile) just working on MM

But thanks again ES I was curious

Dave

--- 帖子 #938 ---
well you attache the index_rsi_ma indicator please....

thanks.

--- 帖子 #939 ---
IDIDNOT REFRESH THE PAGE I THINK

THANK YOU MAKNI.

--- 帖子 #940 ---
Hi Makin.. thanks for sharing your indicator.. can you tell me how to read this indicator.. is it showing us the strongest pair and week pair?

--- 帖子 #941 ---
some might find these scripts interesting to check out.

They are buying or selling a basket of pairs.

The thread is somewhat similar in the trading idea but these scripts might be something that can be useful in ES Trader's method.  I have played around with them & they do work as advertised.

Place the script on a chart & it will open trades on multiple pairs.  check it out.  Maybe with a little tweaking they can be used here.  there are 2 earlier versions a page or two earlier in the thread.

http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...3&postcount=17

--- 帖子 #942 ---
> This is version 2 of my original EA in the first thread.

Thanks RR, just great

Junja

--- 帖子 #943 ---
Thanks Makni

Junja

--- 帖子 #944 ---
It depends on the trade level. If both currencies in the pair are above the trade level, then you follow the system normally

If one of the currencies is below the trade level, you reverse.

--- 帖子 #945 ---
Which indicators do you use on the second chart? What kind of MA?

Thank!

--- 帖子 #946 ---
I am still testing but it looks very good to me.

setup as att.pic. I've changed MTF Ma setting to 3,6,2,8 that's all.

Once I get a signal on MTF and the pair is also on the 1440 current or 240 I take position. Once they disappear from 1440 and the 240 I exit the position. I have now closed GBPNZD and EURNZD still listed as open position below.

The MTF level is on 2 and 3 on the others that's where you can get a signal on MTF and the pair is not yet on the upper TF. It could be a new trend but you have to be more cautious and have you manage the risk by lowering your lot and/or watching the progress on the chart itself.

I will edit this post as I may still make adjustments down the road.

I upload my tpl if some likes to follow this setup for testing.If you need do any adjustments the indi list is not the same order as the display.

I have added CCFp M15 current set "false" ,level2 to close position earlier if there is a opposite signal is given otherwise we give back to much profit.

--- 帖子 #947 ---
Thanks for the info but I just have a chart question. How do you get rid of the price and line on the right side of the chart?

--- 帖子 #948 ---
right click/properties/colors/background -black/foreground -black

to make the chart disappear: right click/properties/common/unselect chart shift and  select scale fix one to one then click on chart and push it out of sight.

--- 帖子 #949 ---
Cool  Thanks

--- 帖子 #950 ---
Hi ES

You got set STOP LOSS for your live trades ??
Thanks.

--- 帖子 #951 ---
Do you have the CCFp indicator for Gold, Silver and Oil ?

Thank,

--- 帖子 #952 ---
No

--- 帖子 #953 ---
Hi Ronald Raygun,

Thanks for creating the EA.

I was playing with the settings and using this on the 1HR, was working great for the first two hours with great profits but then stopped making trades.

Is anyone else finding the same? in the indicator the base and counter strength both showed none until I restarted MT4 then it started to work again

--- 帖子 #954 ---
What are your settings? Post the set files.

--- 帖子 #955 ---
Alo alo,

I have insert the Ea, Enabled expert advisors ,change the settings as suggested, attached in all the pairs separately and it doesnt work in an alpari uk account.

Everything seems normal the ea is smiling.

Magic number  652

Signials true

Any ideas what I am doing wrong ?

Thank you

B

--- 帖子 #956 ---
Saw that you posted your set file and then decided to delete the post. Why?

--- 帖子 #957 ---
The attachment keeps saying invalid file

I use all defaults except enable TP - 60, TS - 30 SL - 100

Thats all I have changed, and am trying this on 1hr TF

--- 帖子 #958 ---
How are setting stops, take profits?

--- 帖子 #959 ---
My ea settings.Do you see any errors?

--- 帖子 #960 ---
TradeLevel 1 could be creating too many signals.

Is the journal returning TRadeContextBusy or something like that?

--- 帖子 #961 ---
Hey Ronald, what Broker do you use?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #962 ---
RR Thank you for answering.

I have put it to 1 in order to make the ea move.I will put in 4 again.

with 10 different pairs i must put 10 diferent magic numbers or all mus be the same ?

Thank you

B

--- 帖子 #963 ---
FxPro (5 digit broker)

Each EA needs a different magic number.

--- 帖子 #964 ---
Ok, thanks. I was going to release my new EA but I just can't get the trade levels correct

Just checking EUR only moved 0.2 and NZD 0.5 but my EA put it in Trade Level 2 which in my EA I clearly have Level 2 currencies need be > 1.1.

I don't know why I can't get it to read the indicator properly

--- 帖子 #965 ---
Thank you RR,

Alpari uk is 4 digit broker.

Is this the reason the ea doesnt work ?

Anyone else made it work in alpari uk ?

Thank you

B

--- 帖子 #966 ---
HI RR

Can we provide magic number or there are specific numbers

--- 帖子 #967 ---
Nothing specific, put whatever numbers you like, just remember that they must be different for each EA. The reason why is that each EA is using the magic number of a trade to determine if it placed that trade.

--- 帖子 #968 ---
Hi,

i have seen you have bought two times aud/jpy and nzd/jpy. Does it mean when a signal appears on MTF and maybe also on the 1440 current you buy/sell the pair and when you get an additional signal on the 240 (non current?) you add another position of this pair?

Stefan

--- 帖子 #969 ---
I am using Alpari UK and it's working fine - I want to play with the settings but it works on this platform.

Does it matter what time chart (1H 4H D1) we put this on?

--- 帖子 #970 ---
The EA should work on any timeframe. Just remember that if you decide to chain a series of EAs together, that they all have the same TF.

--- 帖子 #971 ---
does the timeframe you place it on influence when the trades trigger?  I thought the time frames only mattered when we use MTF to determine a trigger but now I am confused.

--- 帖子 #972 ---
Ron,

I have EA on all charts and I gave different magic numbers for each EA. I put it on 4 hr chart .I put all the EA,s abot an hr ago.

I get a message at trading times" outside trading times"

What does that mean.

Thanks

kris

--- 帖子 #973 ---
I don't have MTF coded in. The EA only trades  based on the timeframe it's placed on.

There is a time-delay function in the EA. (Look at the post where I attached the EA). I don't know how to check if all ticks were updated, so the EA waits 5-10 minutes after the bar opens to let all the ticks refresh and then decides where to place a trade. All trades will happen within that trade window.

--- 帖子 #974 ---
Thanks Ron,

New 4 hr bar will open in about 25 minutes on Ibfx.( Central time)

Let me see what happens.

Kris

--- 帖子 #975 ---
Hello Estrader,

Can you please which exactly version from the 3  1.04 you are using ?

Thank you

B

--- 帖子 #976 ---
Hi Ron,

The EA executed the orders except for GBPjpy.I checked the EA on that pair and they look same as other pairs.Not sure why it did not get executed.It did have recommenadtion to go Long.

One of the problem I see with EA is they seem to close when TP is hit on INDIVIDUAL pairs . The reason I like trading multiple currency is, if some currency pair is losing , others may be making money.In other words I want to close ALL the positions at the same time when the basket is showing Positive/negative pips.

Hope I am clear in my explanation.

Is it possible to have that with EA.

Thanks

Kris

--- 帖子 #977 ---
These are trades taking today based off the MTF 2.0, TF's H4 and Daily, Current=True, MA Fast=3 Slow=5, Trade Level 2. I was given the recommendations for G/Y, NZD/Y,USD/CAD, and AUD/USD. When I saw these recommendations I scaled down to the 15 mins of each pair and placed order stops at areas of s/r. Positions ahve been closed since I am aware of the FOMC meeting coming out. Attached below is the chart.

Adam

--- 帖子 #978 ---
Started trading like I did last week using ES's original system and qualifing with a spreadsheet for the daily.

up over $300 (I had a -275.00 previous sins) could be up over $500 if not for that one

I could just use CCF-p 2.0 MTF and CCF-p 2.0 but I get some inconsistancies with valid pairs against the spread sheet. I'm still checking making sure i'ts not me

When I just use the original CCP indicator it gives me the price for each pair.

At which trade level is that 1 2 3 4?

That could be the reason they don't match up with my spreadsheet. I have the level set at 2

First session of the day I should quit while I'm ahead

I will post the spreadsheet later I'm updating it

if anyone is interested

--- 帖子 #979 ---
can you send the spread sheet

thanks

--- 帖子 #980 ---
He may talk about this spreadsheet.. if something else please send it to us

--- 帖子 #981 ---
hmmmm. I've notice this as well, thought it was my EA or the indicator. I'd like to compare with the Spreadsheet also. Thanks

--- 帖子 #982 ---
It's very similar to the one WED WED put up I just ahve the daily in it. I cant take credit for making it (actualy how ever did beat me to it I was creadting it and a few post later someone uploaded it. It is from the original post from ES

I'll put mine up as soon as I fix a few visual things

--- 帖子 #983 ---
I got this from the original thread

Trading system using relative strength

look at #332 363 374 399 PIPO I think was the origin with comments from Harigp

It's almost worth re-reading the whole thing

I'm not sure if I added the daily or not I was working on it

I also added *100000 to the numbers so it looked better to me

--- 帖子 #984 ---
Guys,

I believe when  the market trends, 99% of all trading systems perform, even a simple 5ma vs 20ma could get u the results that your getting from the ccfp in trending scenario.

But remember when the market wasn't trending....everyone's trade went bonkers and even people doing reverse trades like flip coins.

I think if we need to improve this system, we need to find a way to avoid losing money in consolidation period or rather something in ccfp that should tell us to avoid trading in bad market.

We can have all the colorful stuff on the screen and yet lose dollars. Like someone said...earning profits in forex is easy...but keeping the profits is the hard part.

Good luck to everyone

--- 帖子 #985 ---
Ron,

These are the trades I have at 20GMT. The last trade was positive on few of the pairs but at the end the EA lost money beacause of closing of some of the pairs early.I also have PM.d you with my question .

Thanks

--- 帖子 #986 ---
Hi RonaldRaygun,

Still getting great profits using this on the 1H but again, after every two hours the EA stops trading until I restart the MT4 platform.

Has anyone else noticed this? Giving each chart a different Magic number, using 12 pairs (is this too much?)

If this can be fixed this would be an awesome EA

Using this OOTB except enabled the default TP, TS and SL inside the EA

--- 帖子 #987 ---
Hey everyone,

If you're having trouble with the EA, please take screenshots, especially of the comments on the upper left corner of the chart. I can't fix it if I don't know what's broken.

Please show me what is wrong, and what the correct part should be. I've noticed on some of your screenshots my EA shows values that are different from FerruFx's values. The first thing that comes to mind is: are the settings for CCFP the same?

--- 帖子 #988 ---
Alo alo,

ccfp settings

3

6

3

5

ea settings

3

6

3

5

Thank you

B

--- 帖子 #989 ---
My settings are the same as Blazer's post above

I am using the CCFP universal indicator that you posted along side your EA RR (post #891). I am also only using the pairs that you trade (again in this post) havent changed anything from default except to enable TP, TS and SL

I will post a screenshot when it stops trading again, but on the 1H to does trade for about two hours then stops, during this time it works great!!

--- 帖子 #990 ---
Alo,

I have noticed that in EStrader pic all pairs have a litle m after the pair.

Is this the reason the EA doesnt run in our platform ?

EStrader pair EURUSDm

My pair is EURUSD

I dont remember the meaning of m but it might be important.

Thank you

B

--- 帖子 #991 ---
that m means it is a "mini" account and yes that may be a reason the ea may or may not work.

--- 帖子 #992 ---
Based on that theory then, the Ea would not work at all

Thats not what I am experiencing, its working great for a while then just halts in its tracks

--- 帖子 #993 ---
looks good to me but it is just the first day....

settings:

4H

MM=true

risk = 2

SL 1000 (100)

TP 600 (60)

Trailing Stop = ture

Start at = 300 (30)

Move stop once = false

CCFP settings = 3 6 1 2

trade highest = false

trade level = 2

reverse = true

current = true

as far as it stopping:  ho can you tell if it is really stopping?  I mean, it is not intended to have a trade at all times.

--- 帖子 #994 ---
correct me if i am wrong RR but you will know when the EA has permanently stopped trading when you look at the indicator commentary in the top left and under counter and base strength you will see "none" instead of "long & short"

--- 帖子 #995 ---
Kang_Gun,

How is your testing results coming so far?

Bruce

--- 帖子 #996 ---
Yes Bruce... everything work fine..

I test it only for two days (Monday & Tuesday), since yesterday i'm going live with this strategy. With MTF we could get the best Entry point, and we could easily analyze whole pairs to decided which the best pairs to trade.

KG

--- 帖子 #997 ---
KG,

Could you post your template file (.tpl) of the setup that you use? It would be appreciated. Thanks

Bruce

--- 帖子 #998 ---
Congratulation 1000 Posts ,,

i would like to thank all helpful member here who shere there Idea and expermint with other..

I hope to make conculosion of what we reach up to now..

--- 帖子 #999 ---
150 pip collected on nzd/us$ buy through EA

Trade of yesterday evening and closed today

D1 H4 CURRENT AND D1 H4  WITH ALL ORIGINAL SETTING

selected currency pairs for trade by cross checking with Time Frame 15 minute using CCI period 14 by drawing horizontal line

BUY  The CCI shows upwards and crossing zero line and sell the opposite

--- 帖子 #1000 ---
Screenshot of 1h EA not trading anymore

Will stay like this unless I restart MT4

--- 帖子 #1001 ---
Here is my tpl

KG

--- 帖子 #1002 ---
Kang_Gun,

Firstly, thanks for the template. My questions....

How do you enter your trades and using which TF?

Were it based on the M15 TF since you set the TF in your MTF at M15?

How do handle the trade suggestion appearing and disappearing after you took the trade of that pair?

Appreciate your replies and thanks again.

--- 帖子 #1003 ---
You can't upload a set file, rename it as yourname.txt

--- 帖子 #1004 ---
Using CCF-p dif2.0 TF 4H CCF-pdif MTF TF 1D 4H filter CCF-p current for exit

reverse true

Trade level 2

It is so interesting to see your basket total drop to -100 -200 or so and then turn around patience is the word.

I've been manually TP and SL with TS of 15 on big winners when I see the current bar crapping out on the pair

Used MM ea's Close_equity_amount and close_trade_after_amount_of_loss

Went to sleep made about 600 as I slept

I know there are a few 1.0 this was a mistake they cancel each other out basicly

--- 帖子 #1005 ---
Hi KG,

Are you waiting until the 4H candles closes before you check entry points?

--- 帖子 #1006 ---
Do Base Strength and Counter Strength stay at "None"?

--- 帖子 #1007 ---
OK... I'm using suggestion made by CCFp_diff [V2.0] that i set to current (H4) as reference. Base on that i know which pairs that i should trade base on Current H4 conditions. So, then i'm waiting a signal from CCFp_diff [V2.0-MTF] for execution. For exit i'm using 4 CCFp_diff [V1.04] current that i set to H4, H1, M15 and M5 as my dashboard. M15 is my exit signal.

Yes, Suggestions from MTF version will appearing and dissapearing so many times. Because it's works base on logic that we set. I just use MTF suggestion as signal only.. if my analysis is agree with MTF i will take it, if not i'm waiting another signal.

KG

--- 帖子 #1008 ---
NO,

KG

--- 帖子 #1009 ---
It would seem to be the case as I had this set up and running last night(briefly, then slept) only to wake up to this..see attachment. The settings were changed in order to trigger some activity. So, far in 2 days this demo account is at original balance. Hope this helps.

Regards, lad

PS: Thanks also to Safire25 for pointing this out.

--- 帖子 #1010 ---
I'm wondering if you're using the right CCFp indicator...

Everyone, please overwrite your current CCFp indicators with this one.

--- 帖子 #1011 ---
KG,

Thanks for the explanation. I will test it out.

--- 帖子 #1012 ---
Hi KG....I downloaded your tpl and I think I'm missing something. Could you upload what your current chart looks like? Thanks alot

PipHunter

--- 帖子 #1013 ---
I have replaced the indi.

In 8 mins we have a new candle.In 20 mins we will know if the EA works.

I cant understand why it works on some and dont in some others with the same broker.

Cheers

B

--- 帖子 #1014 ---
inside trading times

next trade open long

trade trigger open long

lot= 0.1

EA DOESNT TRADE

http://i198.photobucket.com/albums/a...aaaainside.png

I cant understand why !!!

--- 帖子 #1015 ---
I downloaded the CCFp...placed it in experts/indicators of Alpari/programs.. Closed my computer drive c, opened Alpari..had no custom indicator showing CCfp. Went back into experts/indicators opened CCFp ,got Meta Editor and compiled with no errors/messages closed Metaeditor and my CCFp.ex4 was in my indicators.Closed that and opened Alpari...still no CCFp in custm indicators to select and add to chart. Futhermore, went back into "mycomputer C disk and can not locate where the EA is in the expert  folder even though its on my charts. ...and in the Navigator. I have FXDD, FXmeta and if this is working for someone...please suggest your broker/dealer. I not here to fix Alpari, USA.

--- 帖子 #1016 ---
I'm running FXDD and Interbank

No EA's Ea advisor is OFF

I opened my 9am trades I checked back 15-20 min later and they were all closed most with losses Just the FXDD

Has this ever happened to anyone before

ps Ronald Do I need to attach CCF to each pairing or just have it in the subdir I currently have it attached but my understanding is it is a processer hog

--- 帖子 #1017 ---
Is your SL/TP too tight? Some sort of tradecontexterror?

--- 帖子 #1018 ---
Did you open metaeditor from the alpari terminal? My guess is that you are compiling into the wrong folder (it's a giant PITA, especially because I run 30+ terminals lol)

--- 帖子 #1019 ---
Ronald thanks for the ea, the question if you leave CloseOnOppositeSignal true and TP True which will take precedence?

--- 帖子 #1020 ---
Whichever comes first

--- 帖子 #1021 ---
SL 25 TP 15.All other trailing options set to false.

--- 帖子 #1022 ---
Hey Guys,

Here is an updated version of my EA. Please test and let me know how you make out. The Trade levels may be off but I don’t have a lot of time to test so if you guys could compare results with the spreadsheet and the FerruFX indi that would be great

What I’ve added is the ability to not trade the Sunday candles if you don’t want. Added MagicNumber to be compatible with different EA’s on the same chart. Added trade level options (Please test). Added the ability to select only the currencies you want the EA to trade just as the FerruFX indicator.

I was told that with the old EA if you had trades open still when the new trade bar comes along, the old EA would place more trades so your trades could pile up, and pile up if weren’t closed so I set the new EA to not place more trades if you already have some open from the previous basket open but will still allow trades from other EA’s take place of course.

This is a multi trade currency pair EA that only needs to be attached to one chart but with any EA like this, remember to still make sure the currencies you want to trade are listed in your Market Watch list window.

Good luck and happy PIP’n

--- 帖子 #1023 ---
CCFP EA

No provision for TP and SL

--- 帖子 #1024 ---
No, don't use SL or TP for each currency, not wise, as ES Trader also would agree. You should attach a Trade management type EA to control total basket TP and SL.

Worried about the pair that goes 300 pips in the negative? well the hedge pair will be 300 pips in the positive

--- 帖子 #1025 ---
Some trade got triggered Let us see

CFP EA

--- 帖子 #1026 ---
LOL...you were right again. I found the RS EA.ex4 in Alpari(US) Experts and the compiled CCFp in the Alpari(UK) indicators. Right folders just the wrong Platforms...OK, at least it wasn't Alpari(Russia). Can you see a difference: US, UK, Russia? Now, you can be a programmer.

Seriously..Thanks for the EA and your help.

PS; I had it loaded before the last H1 chart and went through Outside trading times, Inside Trading Times, and back to Outside trading times with Base and Counter Strengths showing shorts/longs combos.

?  Why would the CCFp colors under the Base Currencies not display on one out of 12 charts but display on the 11 others. I opened up the indicator on that one chart and closed it. The lights then displayed. Just thought you might need to know?

--- 帖子 #1027 ---
Adam,  I have a few questions for you.  Answer any you choose (or all), and I appologize if anything I am asking offends you or anyone else for any reason at all.

1)  I appreciate your helpful post.  I was wondering.... In the ss you attached, there seem to be more pairs recommended than the four you list above.  Can you explain?

2)  Also, it appears as though you are using the account protect ea.. this sets a basket (or in the case of only four pairs, a total +/-) SL and TP right?  Do you adjust the ammount at risk/reward based on any particular factors (ie, number of pairs traded, analysis of price action, etc.)? (ie, close account at total loss/profit  -xx dollars)?  You had mentioned you lock profit at 100 in a previous post.....this is set in the EA automatically or must be done after a certain ammount?  Do you use trailing stop?

3)  Finally, I like your approach at using buy/sell limit orders (do I have the right term?) to get you into the trade after key S/R point has been breached.  Question regarding this is; you take signals at start of 4 hr candle (after refresh of course --- 10-15 mins?), then you evaluate for congruity accross MTF - then look for areas previous to the current price point on any of the given currencies 15 tf charts where price seemed to have formed S or R.  What do you do if previous price action shows no appropriate level to set your order at (ie, it has been constantly climbing during previous four hour period and beyond)?  Maybe I am missing something......?

I am sure I could keep asking questions but I don't want to bother you (anyone else).  If you can address any of the above points it would be very helpful to me and hopefully others.

Keep up the good posts!

Andy

ps. Thank you to all for your work

--- 帖子 #1028 ---
It could be an updating issue. But truth be told, I'm crap when it comes to coding indicators.

--- 帖子 #1029 ---
Alo alo,

Just installed matrixebiz EA and opened two orders

sell

eurjpy

cadjpy

I have opened 20 pairs and atached the ea in all of them.

Shall i change the magic number in all of them ?

Lets see

Thank you

B

--- 帖子 #1030 ---
blazer, RRs ea is to be attatched to all pairs you're wishing to trade

matrixs ea is to be attached to a single chart

should probably fix that before matrixs opens up 20 trades. lol.

--- 帖子 #1031 ---
cff ea you have to attach only in one chart and no need to change any magic numbers

--- 帖子 #1032 ---
Thanks mates ,done that.

What trades you have open this hour ?

I have only 2 trades with trade level 2.TMF H1

Cheers

B

--- 帖子 #1033 ---
sorry i use fxdd and 4h timeframe. 13 minutes till new 4h signals

--- 帖子 #1034 ---
fxdd signals.

default is...default. trade level 2 with mafast 3 maslow5

ma 1 2 is trade level mafast1 maslow2

i do not do reverals, just have them on there just so i know.

--- 帖子 #1035 ---
Hi FerruFX,

I went back even in the previous therad to find out which MA-Method corresponds with which figure in you indicators...... Same goes for Price

Would you be so kind to list both here for me?

THX, John

--- 帖子 #1036 ---
Hi John ,this may help. I have found it in this write up. http://articles.mql4.com/422

MA_Method - method of determining a moving average, can be one of the following variants:

0 - Simple moving average;

1 - Exponential moving average;

2 - Smoothed moving average;

3 - Linearly-weighted average.
The parameter 3 is set on default

Price - used price, can accept one of the following values:

0 - Close price;

1 - Open price;

2 - Maximal price, (High);

3 - Minimal price, (Low);

4 - Average price, (High+Low)/2;

5 - Typical price, (High+Low+Close)/3;

6 - Weighted closing price, (High+Low+Close+Close)/4.
The parameter 6 is set on default.

Fast - a period of fast average, on default - 3.

Slow - a period of slow average, on default - 5.

--- 帖子 #1037 ---
Just what I was looking for, Thanks a bunch,

John

--- 帖子 #1038 ---
Alo alo,

The ea open many orders and seems it works normal without reverse suggestions

http://i198.photobucket.com/albums/a...974/aaaaea.png

--- 帖子 #1039 ---
I figured out the problem, but I'm not sure how to fix it.

There are some instances where the indicator returns a value of 2.1 billion and stays there.

Anyone know why that happens?

--- 帖子 #1040 ---
yes, you are using EMPTY instead of zero not written out, but just 0, so the variable is set to your Memory size

--- 帖子 #1041 ---
could you elaborate?

Where should I not be using EMPTY?

--- 帖子 #1042 ---
Any time you are assigning a value to a array for an index. The reason is MT4 returns the value of your installed ram as the empty set. If you do not want a variable to contain a value, use 0 or use NULL

--- 帖子 #1043 ---
The code is posted below. There is nothing assigned as "EMPTY"

EA
Inserted Code //+------------------------------------------------------------------+
#define SIGNAL_NONE 0
#define SIGNAL_BUY   1
#define SIGNAL_SELL  2
#define SIGNAL_CLOSEBUY 3
#define SIGNAL_CLOSESELL 4

#property copyright "Ronald Raygun"

extern string Remark1 = "== Main Settings ==";
extern int MagicNumber = 0;
extern bool SignalsOnly = False;
extern bool Alerts = False;
extern bool SignalMail = False;
extern bool PlaySounds = False;
bool EachTickMode = True;
extern bool CloseOnOppositeSignal = True;
extern double Lots = 0;
extern bool MoneyManagement = False;
extern int Risk = 0;
extern int Slippage = 5;
extern  bool UseStopLoss = True;
extern int StopLoss = 100;
extern bool UseTakeProfit = False;
extern int TakeProfit = 60;
extern bool UseTrailingStop = False;
extern int TrailingStop = 30;
extern bool MoveStopOnce = False;
extern int MoveStopWhenPrice = 50;
extern int MoveStopTo = 1;
extern string Remark2 = "";
extern string Remark3 = "== CCFp Settings ==";
extern int MA_Method = 3;
extern int Price = 6;
extern int Fast = 3;
extern int Slow = 5;
extern bool TradeHighestOnly = False;
extern bool IdentifyHighestPair = False;
extern color Color = Blue;
extern int MinutesDelayStart = 5;
extern int MinutesDelayEnd = 10;
extern int TradeLevel = 4;
extern bool TradeReversals = True;
extern bool UseCurrent = False;

//Version 2.01

int BarCount;
int GlobalCount;
double EACount = 0;

int Current;
bool TickCheck = False;
//+------------------------------------------------------------------+
//| expert initialization function                                   |
//+------------------------------------------------------------------+
int init() {
BarCount = Bars;

if (UseCurrent) Current = 0; else Current = 1;

if(GlobalVariableCheck("RelativeStrengthCount")) {
EACount = GlobalVariableGet("RelativeStrengthCount") + 1;
GlobalVariableSet("RelativeStrengthCount", EACount);
}
else
GlobalVariableSet("RelativeStrengthCount", 1);

return(0);
}
//+------------------------------------------------------------------+
//| expert deinitialization function                                 |
//+------------------------------------------------------------------+
int deinit() {

if(GlobalVariableCheck("RelativeStrengthCount")) {
EACount = GlobalVariableGet("RelativeStrengthCount") - 1;
if(EACount <= 0) GlobalVariableDel("RelativeStrengthCount");
else GlobalVariableSet("RelativeStrengthCount", EACount);
}

return(0);
}
//+------------------------------------------------------------------+
//| expert start function                                            |
//+------------------------------------------------------------------+
int start()

{
int Order = SIGNAL_NONE;
int Total, Ticket;
double StopLossLevel, TakeProfitLevel;

if (EachTickMode && Bars != BarCount) TickCheck = False;
Total = OrdersTotal();
Order = SIGNAL_NONE;

//Money Management sequence
if (MoneyManagement)
{
if (Risk<1 || Risk>100)
{
Comment("Invalid Risk Value.");
return(0);
}
else
{
Lots=MathFloor((AccountFreeMargin()*AccountLeverage()*Risk*Point*100)/(Ask*MarketInfo(Symbol(),MODE_LOTSIZE)*MarketInfo(Symbol(),MODE_MINLOT)))*MarketInfo(Symbol(),MODE_MINLOT);
}
}

//+------------------------------------------------------------------+
//| Variable Begin                                                   |
//+------------------------------------------------------------------+

//Reset GlobalCount
if(GlobalCount != Bars) {
GlobalVariableSet("TotalChangeRank", 0);
GlobalCount = Bars;
}

//EACounts
double EACounts = 0;
if(GlobalVariableCheck("RelativeStrengthCount")) EACounts = GlobalVariableGet("RelativeStrengthCount");
else EACounts = 1;

//Determine Base and Counter Currency
string BaseCurrency = StringSubstr(Symbol(), 0, 3);
string CounterCurrency = StringSubstr(Symbol(), 3, 3);

//Establish Individual Currencies
double USD = iCustom(NULL, 0, "CCFp", MA_Method, Price, Fast, Slow, True, True, True, True, True, True, True, True, Black, Black, Black, Black, Black, Black, Black, Black, 2, 0, 0, 0, Current + 0);
double USD1 = iCustom(NULL, 0, "CCFp", MA_Method, Price, Fast, Slow, True, True, True, True, True, True, True, True, Black, Black, Black, Black, Black, Black, Black, Black, 2, 0, 0, 0, Current + 1);

double EUR = iCustom(NULL, 0, "CCFp", MA_Method, Price, Fast, Slow, True, True, True, True, True, True, True, True, Black, Black, Black, Black, Black, Black, Black, Black, 2, 0, 0, 1, Current + 0);
double EUR1 = iCustom(NULL, 0, "CCFp", MA_Method, Price, Fast, Slow, True, True, True, True, True, True, True, True, Black, Black, Black, Black, Black, Black, Black, Black, 2, 0, 0, 1, Current + 1);

double GBP = iCustom(NULL, 0, "CCFp", MA_Method, Price, Fast, Slow, True, True, True, True, True, True, True, True, Black, Black, Black, Black, Black, Black, Black, Black, 2, 0, 0, 2, Current + 0);
double GBP1 = iCustom(NULL, 0, "CCFp", MA_Method, Price, Fast, Slow, True, True, True, True, True, True, True, True, Black, Black, Black, Black, Black, Black, Black, Black, 2, 0, 0, 2, Current + 1);

double CHF = iCustom(NULL, 0, "CCFp", MA_Method, Price, Fast, Slow, True, True, True, True, True, True, True, True, Black, Black, Black, Black, Black, Black, Black, Black, 2, 0, 0, 3, Current + 0);
double CHF1 = iCustom(NULL, 0, "CCFp", MA_Method, Price, Fast, Slow, True, True, True, True, True, True, True, True, Black, Black, Black, Black, Black, Black, Black, Black, 2, 0, 0, 3, Current + 1);

double JPY = iCustom(NULL, 0, "CCFp", MA_Method, Price, Fast, Slow, True, True, True, True, True, True, True, True, Black, Black, Black, Black, Black, Black, Black, Black, 2, 0, 0, 4, Current + 0);
double JPY1 = iCustom(NULL, 0, "CCFp", MA_Method, Price, Fast, Slow, True, True, True, True, True, True, True, True, Black, Black, Black, Black, Black, Black, Black, Black, 2, 0, 0, 4, Current + 1);

double AUD = iCustom(NULL, 0, "CCFp", MA_Method, Price, Fast, Slow, True, True, True, True, True, True, True, True, Black, Black, Black, Black, Black, Black, Black, Black, 2, 0, 0, 5, Current + 0);
double AUD1 = iCustom(NULL, 0, "CCFp", MA_Method, Price, Fast, Slow, True, True, True, True, True, True, True, True, Black, Black, Black, Black, Black, Black, Black, Black, 2, 0, 0, 5, Current + 1);

double CAD = iCustom(NULL, 0, "CCFp", MA_Method, Price, Fast, Slow, True, True, True, True, True, True, True, True, Black, Black, Black, Black, Black, Black, Black, Black, 2, 0, 0, 6, Current + 0);
double CAD1 = iCustom(NULL, 0, "CCFp", MA_Method, Price, Fast, Slow, True, True, True, True, True, True, True, True, Black, Black, Black, Black, Black, Black, Black, Black, 2, 0, 0, 6, Current + 1);

double NZD = iCustom(NULL, 0, "CCFp", MA_Method, Price, Fast, Slow, True, True, True, True, True, True, True, True, Black, Black, Black, Black, Black, Black, Black, Black, 2, 0, 0, 7, Current + 0);
double NZD1 = iCustom(NULL, 0, "CCFp", MA_Method, Price, Fast, Slow, True, True, True, True, True, True, True, True, Black, Black, Black, Black, Black, Black, Black, Black, 2, 0, 0, 7, Current + 1);

//Match Base Currency
double Base = 0;
double Base1 = 0;

if(BaseCurrency == "USD") {
Base = USD;
Base1 = USD1;
}

if(BaseCurrency == "EUR") {
Base = EUR;
Base1 = EUR1;
}

if(BaseCurrency == "GBP") {
Base = GBP;
Base1 = GBP1;
}

if(BaseCurrency == "CHF") {
Base = CHF;
Base1 = CHF1;
}

if(BaseCurrency == "JPY") {
Base = JPY;
Base1 = JPY1;
}

if(BaseCurrency == "AUD") {
Base = AUD;
Base1 = AUD1;
}

if(BaseCurrency == "CAD") {
Base = CAD;
Base1 = CAD1;
}

if(BaseCurrency == "NZD") {
Base = NZD;
Base1 = NZD1;
}

//Match Counter Currency
double Counter = 0;
double Counter1 = 0;

if(CounterCurrency == "USD") {
Counter = USD;
Counter1 = USD1;
}

if(CounterCurrency == "EUR") {
Counter = EUR;
Counter1 = EUR1;
}

if(CounterCurrency == "GBP") {
Counter = GBP;
Counter1 = GBP1;
}

if(CounterCurrency == "CHF") {
Counter = CHF;
Counter1 = CHF1;
}

if(CounterCurrency == "JPY") {
Counter = JPY;
Counter1 = JPY1;
}

if(CounterCurrency == "AUD") {
Counter = AUD;
Counter1 = AUD1;
}

if(CounterCurrency == "CAD") {
Counter = CAD;
Counter1 = CAD1;
}

if(CounterCurrency == "NZD") {
Counter = NZD;
Counter1 = NZD1;
}

//Determine Change
double BaseChange = Base - Base1;
double BaseScore1 = Lookup(NormalizeDouble((BaseChange * 10000), 0));
int BaseScore = MathAbs(BaseScore1);
double CounterChange = Counter - Counter1;
double CounterScore1 = Lookup(NormalizeDouble((CounterChange * 10000), 0));
int CounterScore = MathAbs(CounterScore1);
double TotalChange = MathAbs(BaseChange - CounterChange);
int TotalScore = MathAbs(BaseScore1 - CounterScore1);

//Establish Direction
string BaseDirection = "None";
if(BaseChange > 0) BaseDirection = "Long";
if(BaseChange < 0) BaseDirection = "Short";

string CounterDirection = "None";
if(CounterChange > 0) CounterDirection = "Long";
if(CounterChange < 0) CounterDirection = "Short";

//Determine Trade Type
string ReversePair = "Regular Trade";
if(TradeReversals && (BaseScore < TradeLevel || CounterScore < TradeLevel)) ReversePair = "Reverse Trade";

//Determine Rank
double TotalChangeCheck = 0;
if(GlobalVariableCheck("TotalChangeRank")) {
TotalChangeCheck = GlobalVariableGet("TotalChangeRank");
if(TotalScore > TotalChangeCheck) GlobalVariableSet("TotalChangeRank", TotalScore);
}
else {
GlobalVariableSet("TotalChangeRank", TotalScore);
TotalChangeCheck = GlobalVariableGet("TotalChangeRank");
}
string CurrentRank = "Not Highest";
if(TradeHighestOnly && TotalChangeCheck == TotalChange) CurrentRank = "Highest";
if(!TradeHighestOnly) CurrentRank = "Not Used";

//Notification
if(CurrentRank == "Highest" && IdentifyHighestPair) {
if(ObjectFind("Notification") < 0) {
ObjectCreate("Notification", OBJ_RECTANGLE, 0, TimeCurrent(), Close[0] + 100000, iTime(NULL, 0, Bars), Close[0] - 100000);
ObjectSet("Notification", OBJPROP_COLOR, Color);
}
}
if(CurrentRank != "Highest") {
ObjectDelete("Notification");
}

//Time Delay
string TimeDelay = "Outside Trading Times";
datetime BarOpen = Time[0];
datetime TradeStart = BarOpen + (MinutesDelayStart * 60);
datetime TradeEnd = BarOpen + (MinutesDelayEnd * 60);
if(TimeCurrent() >= TradeStart && TimeCurrent() < TradeEnd) TimeDelay = "Inside Trading Times";

string TradeTrigger = "None";
string NextTrade = "None";
if(CurrentRank != "Not Highest" && BaseDirection == "Long" && CounterDirection == "Short") {
if(ReversePair == "Regular Trade") {
if(TimeDelay == "Inside Trading Times") {TradeTrigger = "Open Long";}
NextTrade = "Open Long";
}
if(ReversePair == "Reverse Trade") {
if(TimeDelay == "Inside Trading Times") {TradeTrigger = "Open Short";}
NextTrade = "Open Short";
}
}

if(CurrentRank != "Not Highest" && BaseDirection == "Short" && CounterDirection == "Long") {
if(ReversePair == "Regular Trade") {
if(TimeDelay == "Inside Trading Times") TradeTrigger = "Open Short";
NextTrade = "Open Short";
}
if(ReversePair == "Reverse Trade") {
if(TimeDelay == "Inside Trading Times") TradeTrigger = "Open Long";
NextTrade = "Open Long";
}
}

Comment("EA Count: ", EACounts, "\n",
"Trading Times: ", TimeDelay, "\n",
"Current Rank: ", CurrentRank, "\n",
"Base Currency: ", BaseCurrency, "\n",
"Counter Currency: ", CounterCurrency, "\n",
"Base Strength: ", BaseDirection, "\n",
"Counter Strength: ", CounterDirection, "\n",
"Base Change: ", BaseScore, ". Raw Values: ", NormalizeDouble((BaseChange * 10000), 0), ". Initial Change ", BaseChange, "\n",
"Counter Change: ", CounterScore, ". Raw Values: ", NormalizeDouble((CounterChange * 10000), 0), ". Initial Change ", CounterChange, "\n",
"Total Change: ", TotalScore, "\n",
"Trade Level: ", TradeLevel, "\n",
"Trade Type: ", ReversePair, "\n",
"Next Trade: ", NextTrade, "\n",
"Trade Trigger: ", TradeTrigger);

//+------------------------------------------------------------------+
//| Variable End                                                     |
//+------------------------------------------------------------------+

//Check position
bool IsTrade = False;

for (int i = 0; i < Total; i ++) {
OrderSelect(i, SELECT_BY_POS, MODE_TRADES);
if(OrderType() <= OP_SELL &&  OrderSymbol() == Symbol() && OrderMagicNumber() == MagicNumber) {
IsTrade = True;
if(OrderType() == OP_BUY) {

//Close

//+------------------------------------------------------------------+
//| Signal Begin(Exit Buy)                                           |
//+------------------------------------------------------------------+

if(CloseOnOppositeSignal && TradeTrigger == "Open Short") Order = SIGNAL_CLOSEBUY;

//+------------------------------------------------------------------+
//| Signal End(Exit Buy)                                             |
//+------------------------------------------------------------------+

if (Order == SIGNAL_CLOSEBUY && ((EachTickMode && !TickCheck) || (!EachTickMode && (Bars != BarCount)))) {
OrderClose(OrderTicket(), OrderLots(), Bid, Slippage, MediumSeaGreen);
if (SignalMail) SendMail("[Signal Alert]", "[" + Symbol() + "] " + DoubleToStr(Bid, Digits) + " Close Buy");
if (!EachTickMode) BarCount = Bars;
IsTrade = False;
continue;
}
//MoveOnce
if(MoveStopOnce && MoveStopWhenPrice > 0) {
if(Bid - OrderOpenPrice() >= Point * MoveStopWhenPrice) {
if(OrderStopLoss() < OrderOpenPrice() + Point * MoveStopTo) {
OrderModify(OrderTicket(),OrderOpenPrice(), OrderOpenPrice() + Point * MoveStopTo, OrderTakeProfit(), 0, Red);
if (!EachTickMode) BarCount = Bars;
continue;
}
}
}
//Trailing stop
if(UseTrailingStop && TrailingStop > 0) {
if(Bid - OrderOpenPrice() > Point * TrailingStop) {
if(OrderStopLoss() < Bid - Point * TrailingStop) {
OrderModify(OrderTicket(), OrderOpenPrice(), Bid - Point * TrailingStop, OrderTakeProfit(), 0, MediumSeaGreen);
if (!EachTickMode) BarCount = Bars;
continue;
}
}
}
} else {

//Close

//+------------------------------------------------------------------+
//| Signal Begin(Exit Sell)                                          |
//+------------------------------------------------------------------+

if(CloseOnOppositeSignal && TradeTrigger == "Open Long") Order = SIGNAL_CLOSESELL;

//+------------------------------------------------------------------+
//| Signal End(Exit Sell)                                            |
//+------------------------------------------------------------------+

if (Order == SIGNAL_CLOSESELL && ((EachTickMode && !TickCheck) || (!EachTickMode && (Bars != BarCount)))) {
OrderClose(OrderTicket(), OrderLots(), Ask, Slippage, DarkOrange);
if (SignalMail) SendMail("[Signal Alert]", "[" + Symbol() + "] " + DoubleToStr(Ask, Digits) + " Close Sell");
if (!EachTickMode) BarCount = Bars;
IsTrade = False;
continue;
}
//MoveOnce
if(MoveStopOnce && MoveStopWhenPrice > 0) {
if(OrderOpenPrice() - Ask >= Point * MoveStopWhenPrice) {
if(OrderStopLoss() > OrderOpenPrice() - Point * MoveStopTo) {
OrderModify(OrderTicket(),OrderOpenPrice(), OrderOpenPrice() - Point * MoveStopTo, OrderTakeProfit(), 0, Red);
if (!EachTickMode) BarCount = Bars;
continue;
}
}
}
//Trailing stop
if(UseTrailingStop && TrailingStop > 0) {
if((OrderOpenPrice() - Ask) > (Point * TrailingStop)) {
if((OrderStopLoss() > (Ask + Point * TrailingStop)) || (OrderStopLoss() == 0)) {
OrderModify(OrderTicket(), OrderOpenPrice(), Ask + Point * TrailingStop, OrderTakeProfit(), 0, DarkOrange);
if (!EachTickMode) BarCount = Bars;
continue;
}
}
}
}
}
}

//+------------------------------------------------------------------+
//| Signal Begin(Entry)                                              |
//+------------------------------------------------------------------+

if(TradeTrigger == "Open Long") Order = SIGNAL_BUY;
if(TradeTrigger == "Open Short") Order = SIGNAL_SELL;

//+------------------------------------------------------------------+
//| Signal End                                                       |
//+------------------------------------------------------------------+

//Buy
if (Order == SIGNAL_BUY && ((EachTickMode && !TickCheck) || (!EachTickMode && (Bars != BarCount)))) {
if(SignalsOnly) {
if (SignalMail) SendMail("[Signal Alert]", "[" + Symbol() + "] " + DoubleToStr(Ask, Digits) + "Buy Signal");
if (Alerts) Alert("[" + Symbol() + "] " + DoubleToStr(Ask, Digits) + "Buy Signal");
if (PlaySounds) PlaySound("alert.wav");

}

if(!IsTrade && !SignalsOnly) {
//Check free margin
if (AccountFreeMargin() < (1000 * Lots)) {
Print("We have no money. Free Margin = ", AccountFreeMargin());
return(0);
}

if (UseStopLoss) StopLossLevel = Ask - StopLoss * Point; else StopLossLevel = 0.0;
if (UseTakeProfit) TakeProfitLevel = Ask + TakeProfit * Point; else TakeProfitLevel = 0.0;

Ticket = OrderSend(Symbol(), OP_BUY, Lots, Ask, Slippage, StopLossLevel, TakeProfitLevel, "Buy(#" + MagicNumber + ")", MagicNumber, 0, DodgerBlue);
if(Ticket > 0) {
if (OrderSelect(Ticket, SELECT_BY_TICKET, MODE_TRADES)) {
Print("BUY order opened : ", OrderOpenPrice());
if (SignalMail) SendMail("[Signal Alert]", "[" + Symbol() + "] " + DoubleToStr(Ask, Digits) + "Buy Signal");
if (Alerts) Alert("[" + Symbol() + "] " + DoubleToStr(Ask, Digits) + "Buy Signal");
if (PlaySounds) PlaySound("alert.wav");
} else {
Print("Error opening BUY order : ", GetLastError());
}
}
if (EachTickMode) TickCheck = True;
if (!EachTickMode) BarCount = Bars;
return(0);
}
}

//Sell
if (Order == SIGNAL_SELL && ((EachTickMode && !TickCheck) || (!EachTickMode && (Bars != BarCount)))) {
if(SignalsOnly) {
if (SignalMail) SendMail("[Signal Alert]", "[" + Symbol() + "] " + DoubleToStr(Bid, Digits) + "Sell Signal");
if (Alerts) Alert("[" + Symbol() + "] " + DoubleToStr(Bid, Digits) + "Sell Signal");
if (PlaySounds) PlaySound("alert.wav");
}
if(!IsTrade && !SignalsOnly) {
//Check free margin
if (AccountFreeMargin() < (1000 * Lots)) {
Print("We have no money. Free Margin = ", AccountFreeMargin());
return(0);
}

if (UseStopLoss) StopLossLevel = Bid + StopLoss * Point; else StopLossLevel = 0.0;
if (UseTakeProfit) TakeProfitLevel = Bid - TakeProfit * Point; else TakeProfitLevel = 0.0;

Ticket = OrderSend(Symbol(), OP_SELL, Lots, Bid, Slippage, StopLossLevel, TakeProfitLevel, "Sell(#" + MagicNumber + ")", MagicNumber, 0, DeepPink);
if(Ticket > 0) {
if (OrderSelect(Ticket, SELECT_BY_TICKET, MODE_TRADES)) {
Print("SELL order opened : ", OrderOpenPrice());
if (SignalMail) SendMail("[Signal Alert]", "[" + Symbol() + "] " + DoubleToStr(Bid, Digits) + "Sell Signal");
if (Alerts) Alert("[" + Symbol() + "] " + DoubleToStr(Bid, Digits) + "Sell Signal");
if (PlaySounds) PlaySound("alert.wav");
} else {
Print("Error opening SELL order : ", GetLastError());
}
}
if (EachTickMode) TickCheck = True;
if (!EachTickMode) BarCount = Bars;
return(0);
}
}

if (!EachTickMode) BarCount = Bars;

return(0);
}

int Lookup(double ratio)
{
int aTable[19] = {-90,-80,-70,-60,-50,-40,-30,-20,-10,0,10,20,30,40,50,60,70,80,90};
int index;

if (ratio <= aTable[0]) index = -10;
else if (ratio <= aTable[1]) index = -9;
else if (ratio <= aTable[2]) index = -8;
else if (ratio <= aTable[3]) index = -7;
else if (ratio <= aTable[4]) index = -6;
else if (ratio <= aTable[5]) index = -5;
else if (ratio <= aTable[6]) index = -4;
else if (ratio <= aTable[7]) index = -3;
else if (ratio <= aTable[8]) index = -2;
else if (ratio <= aTable[9]) index = -1;
else if (ratio <= aTable[10]) index = 1;
else if (ratio <= aTable[11]) index = 2;
else if (ratio <= aTable[12]) index = 3;
else if (ratio <= aTable[13]) index = 4;
else if (ratio <= aTable[14]) index = 5;
else if (ratio <= aTable[15]) index = 6;
else if (ratio <= aTable[16]) index = 7;
else if (ratio <= aTable[17]) index = 8;
else if (ratio <= aTable[18]) index = 9;
else index = 10;

return(index);
}  CCFp Indicator

Inserted Code //+------------------------------------------------------------------+
//|                                                         CCFp.mq4 |
//|                                              SemSemFX@rambler.ru |
//|              http://onix-trade.net/forum/index.php?showtopic=107 |
//+------------------------------------------------------------------+
#property copyright "SemSemFX@rambler.ru"
#property link      "http://onix-trade.net/forum/index.php?showtopic=107"
//----
string Indicator_Name = "CCFp:";
int Objs = 0;
//----
#property indicator_separate_window
#property indicator_buffers 8
extern int MA_Method = 3;
extern int Price = 6;
extern int Fast = 3;
extern int Slow = 5;
extern bool USD = 1;
extern bool EUR = 1;
extern bool GBP = 1;
extern bool CHF = 1;
extern bool JPY = 1;
extern bool AUD = 1;
extern bool CAD = 1;
extern bool NZD = 1;
extern color Color_USD = Green;
extern color Color_EUR = DarkBlue;
extern color Color_GBP = Red;
extern color Color_CHF = Chocolate;
extern color Color_JPY = Maroon;
extern color Color_AUD = DarkOrange;
extern color Color_CAD = Purple;
extern color Color_NZD = Teal;
extern int Line_Thickness = 2;
extern int All_Bars = 0;
extern int Last_Bars = 0;
string sub;
//----
double arrUSD[];
double arrEUR[];
double arrGBP[];
double arrCHF[];
double arrJPY[];
double arrAUD[];
double arrCAD[];
double arrNZD[];
//+------------------------------------------------------------------+
//| Custom indicator initialization function                         |
//+------------------------------------------------------------------+
int init()
{
//---- define if broker add caracters after the symbol
sub=StringSubstr(Symbol(),6,3);

//---- indicators
if(USD)
Indicator_Name = StringConcatenate(Indicator_Name, " USD");
if(EUR)
Indicator_Name = StringConcatenate(Indicator_Name, " EUR");
if(GBP)
Indicator_Name = StringConcatenate(Indicator_Name, " GBP");
if(CHF)
Indicator_Name = StringConcatenate(Indicator_Name, " CHF");
if(AUD)
Indicator_Name = StringConcatenate(Indicator_Name, " AUD");
if(CAD)
Indicator_Name = StringConcatenate(Indicator_Name, " CAD");
if(JPY)
Indicator_Name = StringConcatenate(Indicator_Name, " JPY");
if(NZD)
Indicator_Name = StringConcatenate(Indicator_Name, " NZD");
IndicatorShortName(Indicator_Name);
int cur = 0;
int st = 23;
if(USD)
{
sl("~", cur, Color_USD);
cur += st;
}
if(EUR)
{
sl("~", cur, Color_EUR);
cur += st;
}
if(GBP)
{
sl("~", cur, Color_GBP);
cur += st;
}
if(CHF)
{
sl("~", cur, Color_CHF);
cur += st;
}
if(AUD)
{
sl("~", cur, Color_AUD);
cur += st;
}
if(CAD)
{
sl("~", cur, Color_CAD);
cur += st;
}
if(JPY)
{
sl("~", cur, Color_JPY);
cur += st;
}
if(NZD)
{
sl("~", cur, Color_NZD);
cur += st;
}
int width = 0;
if(0 > StringFind(Symbol(), "USD", 0))
width = 1;
else
width = Line_Thickness;
SetIndexStyle(0, DRAW_LINE, DRAW_LINE, width, Color_USD);
SetIndexBuffer(0, arrUSD);
SetIndexLabel(0, "USD");
if(0 > StringFind(Symbol(), "EUR", 0))
width = 1;
else
width = Line_Thickness;
SetIndexStyle(1, DRAW_LINE, DRAW_LINE, width, Color_EUR);
SetIndexBuffer(1, arrEUR);
SetIndexLabel(1, "EUR");
if(0 > StringFind(Symbol(), "GBP", 0))
width = 1;
else
width = Line_Thickness;
SetIndexStyle(2, DRAW_LINE, DRAW_LINE, width, Color_GBP);
SetIndexBuffer(2, arrGBP);
SetIndexLabel(2, "GBP");
if(0 > StringFind(Symbol(), "CHF", 0))
width = 1;
else
width = Line_Thickness;
SetIndexStyle(3, DRAW_LINE, DRAW_LINE, width, Color_CHF);
SetIndexBuffer(3, arrCHF);
SetIndexLabel(3, "CHF");
if(0 > StringFind(Symbol(), "JPY", 0))
width = 1;
else
width = Line_Thickness;
SetIndexStyle(4, DRAW_LINE, DRAW_LINE, width, Color_JPY);
SetIndexBuffer(4, arrJPY);
SetIndexLabel(4, "JPY");
if(0 > StringFind(Symbol(), "AUD", 0))
width = 1;
else
width = Line_Thickness;
SetIndexStyle(5, DRAW_LINE, DRAW_LINE, width, Color_AUD);
SetIndexBuffer(5, arrAUD);
SetIndexLabel(5, "AUD");
if(0 > StringFind(Symbol(), "CAD", 0))
width = 1;
else
width = Line_Thickness;
SetIndexStyle(6, DRAW_LINE, DRAW_LINE, width, Color_CAD);
SetIndexBuffer(6, arrCAD);
SetIndexLabel(6, "CAD");
if(0 > StringFind(Symbol(), "NZD", 0))
width = 1;
else
width = Line_Thickness;
SetIndexStyle(7, DRAW_LINE, DRAW_LINE, width, Color_NZD);
SetIndexBuffer(7, arrNZD);
SetIndexLabel(7, "NZD");
//----
return(0);
}
//+------------------------------------------------------------------+
//| Custom indicator deinitialization function                       |
//+------------------------------------------------------------------+
int deinit()
{
//----
for(int i = 0; i < Objs; i++)
{
if(!ObjectDelete(Indicator_Name + i))
Print("error: code #", GetLastError());
}
//----
return(0);
}
//+------------------------------------------------------------------+
//| Custom indicator iteration function                              |
//+------------------------------------------------------------------+
int start()
{
int limit;
int counted_bars = IndicatorCounted();
//---- ïðîâåðêà íà âîçìîæíûå îøèáêè
if(counted_bars < 0)
return(-1);
//---- ïîñëåäíèé ïîñ÷èòàííûé áàð áóäåò ïåðåñ÷èòàí
if(All_Bars < 1)
All_Bars = Bars;
if(counted_bars > 0 && Last_Bars > 0)
counted_bars -= Last_Bars;
limit = All_Bars - counted_bars;
//---- îñíîâíîé öèêë
for(int i = 0; i < limit; i++)
{
// Ïðåäâàðèòåëüíûé ðàññ÷åò
if(EUR)
{
double EURUSD_Fast = ma("EURUSD"+sub, Fast, MA_Method, Price, i);
double EURUSD_Slow = ma("EURUSD"+sub, Slow, MA_Method, Price, i);
if(!EURUSD_Fast || !EURUSD_Slow)
break;
}
if(GBP)
{
double GBPUSD_Fast = ma("GBPUSD"+sub, Fast, MA_Method, Price, i);
double GBPUSD_Slow = ma("GBPUSD"+sub, Slow, MA_Method, Price, i);
if(!GBPUSD_Fast || !GBPUSD_Slow)
break;
}
if(AUD)
{
double AUDUSD_Fast = ma("AUDUSD"+sub, Fast, MA_Method, Price, i);
double AUDUSD_Slow = ma("AUDUSD"+sub, Slow, MA_Method, Price, i);
if(!AUDUSD_Fast || !AUDUSD_Slow)
break;
}
if(NZD)
{
double NZDUSD_Fast = ma("NZDUSD"+sub, Fast, MA_Method, Price, i);
double NZDUSD_Slow = ma("NZDUSD"+sub, Slow, MA_Method, Price, i);
if(!NZDUSD_Fast || !NZDUSD_Slow)
break;
}
if(CAD)
{
double USDCAD_Fast = ma("USDCAD"+sub, Fast, MA_Method, Price, i);
double USDCAD_Slow = ma("USDCAD"+sub, Slow, MA_Method, Price, i);
if(!USDCAD_Fast || !USDCAD_Slow)
break;
}
if(CHF)
{
double USDCHF_Fast = ma("USDCHF"+sub, Fast, MA_Method, Price, i);
double USDCHF_Slow = ma("USDCHF"+sub, Slow, MA_Method, Price, i);
if(!USDCHF_Fast || !USDCHF_Slow)
break;
}
if(JPY)
{
double USDJPY_Fast = ma("USDJPY"+sub, Fast, MA_Method, Price, i);
double USDJPY_Slow = ma("USDJPY"+sub, Slow, MA_Method, Price, i);
if(!USDJPY_Fast || !USDJPY_Slow)
break;
}
// ðàññ÷åò âàëþò
if(USD)
{
arrUSD[i] = 0;
if(EUR)
arrUSD[i] += EURUSD_Slow / EURUSD_Fast - 1;
if(GBP)
arrUSD[i] += GBPUSD_Slow / GBPUSD_Fast - 1;
if(AUD)
arrUSD[i] += AUDUSD_Slow / AUDUSD_Fast - 1;
if(NZD)
arrUSD[i] += NZDUSD_Slow / NZDUSD_Fast - 1;
if(CHF)
arrUSD[i] += USDCHF_Fast / USDCHF_Slow - 1;
if(CAD)
arrUSD[i] += USDCAD_Fast / USDCAD_Slow - 1;
if(JPY)
arrUSD[i] += USDJPY_Fast / USDJPY_Slow - 1;
}// end if USD
if(EUR)
{
arrEUR[i] = 0;
if(USD)
arrEUR[i] += EURUSD_Fast / EURUSD_Slow - 1;
if(GBP)
arrEUR[i] += (EURUSD_Fast / GBPUSD_Fast) /
(EURUSD_Slow/GBPUSD_Slow) - 1;
if(AUD)
arrEUR[i] += (EURUSD_Fast / AUDUSD_Fast) /
(EURUSD_Slow/AUDUSD_Slow) - 1;
if(NZD)
arrEUR[i] += (EURUSD_Fast / NZDUSD_Fast) /
(EURUSD_Slow/NZDUSD_Slow) - 1;
if(CHF)
arrEUR[i] += (EURUSD_Fast*USDCHF_Fast) /
(EURUSD_Slow*USDCHF_Slow) - 1;
if(CAD)
arrEUR[i] += (EURUSD_Fast*USDCAD_Fast) /
(EURUSD_Slow*USDCAD_Slow) - 1;
if(JPY)
arrEUR[i] += (EURUSD_Fast*USDJPY_Fast) /
(EURUSD_Slow*USDJPY_Slow) - 1;
}// end if EUR
if(GBP)
{
arrGBP[i] = 0;
if(USD)
arrGBP[i] += GBPUSD_Fast / GBPUSD_Slow - 1;
if(EUR)
arrGBP[i] += (EURUSD_Slow / GBPUSD_Slow) /
(EURUSD_Fast / GBPUSD_Fast) - 1;
if(AUD)
arrGBP[i] += (GBPUSD_Fast / AUDUSD_Fast) /
(GBPUSD_Slow / AUDUSD_Slow) - 1;
if(NZD)
arrGBP[i] += (GBPUSD_Fast / NZDUSD_Fast) /
(GBPUSD_Slow / NZDUSD_Slow) - 1;
if(CHF)
arrGBP[i] += (GBPUSD_Fast*USDCHF_Fast) /
(GBPUSD_Slow*USDCHF_Slow) - 1;
if(CAD)
arrGBP[i] += (GBPUSD_Fast*USDCAD_Fast) /
(GBPUSD_Slow*USDCAD_Slow) - 1;
if(JPY)
arrGBP[i] += (GBPUSD_Fast*USDJPY_Fast) /
(GBPUSD_Slow*USDJPY_Slow) - 1;
}// end if GBP
if(AUD)
{
arrAUD[i] = 0;
if(USD)
arrAUD[i] += AUDUSD_Fast / AUDUSD_Slow - 1;
if(EUR)
arrAUD[i] += (EURUSD_Slow / AUDUSD_Slow) /
(EURUSD_Fast / AUDUSD_Fast) - 1;
if(GBP)
arrAUD[i] += (GBPUSD_Slow / AUDUSD_Slow) /
(GBPUSD_Fast / AUDUSD_Fast) - 1;
if(NZD)
arrAUD[i] += (AUDUSD_Fast/NZDUSD_Fast) /
(AUDUSD_Slow / NZDUSD_Slow) - 1;
if(CHF)
arrAUD[i] += (AUDUSD_Fast*USDCHF_Fast) /
(AUDUSD_Slow*USDCHF_Slow) - 1;
if(CAD)
arrAUD[i] += (AUDUSD_Fast*USDCAD_Fast) /
(AUDUSD_Slow*USDCAD_Slow) - 1;
if(JPY)
arrAUD[i] += (AUDUSD_Fast*USDJPY_Fast) /
(AUDUSD_Slow*USDJPY_Slow) - 1;
}// end if AUD
if(NZD)
{
arrNZD[i] = 0;
if(USD)
arrNZD[i] += NZDUSD_Fast / NZDUSD_Slow - 1;
if(EUR)
arrNZD[i] += (EURUSD_Slow / NZDUSD_Slow) /
(EURUSD_Fast/NZDUSD_Fast) - 1;
if(GBP)
arrNZD[i] += (GBPUSD_Slow / NZDUSD_Slow) /
(GBPUSD_Fast / NZDUSD_Fast) - 1;
if(AUD)
arrNZD[i] += (AUDUSD_Slow / NZDUSD_Slow) /
(AUDUSD_Fast / NZDUSD_Fast) - 1;
if(CHF)
arrNZD[i] += (NZDUSD_Fast*USDCHF_Fast) /
(NZDUSD_Slow*USDCHF_Slow) - 1;
if(CAD)
arrNZD[i] += (NZDUSD_Fast*USDCAD_Fast) /
(NZDUSD_Slow*USDCAD_Slow) - 1;
if(JPY)
arrNZD[i] += (NZDUSD_Fast*USDJPY_Fast) /
(NZDUSD_Slow*USDJPY_Slow) - 1;
}// end if NZD
if(CAD)
{
arrCAD[i] = 0;
if(USD)
arrCAD[i] += USDCAD_Slow / USDCAD_Fast - 1;
if(EUR)
arrCAD[i] += (EURUSD_Slow*USDCAD_Slow) /
(EURUSD_Fast*USDCAD_Fast) - 1;
if(GBP)
arrCAD[i] += (GBPUSD_Slow*USDCAD_Slow) /
(GBPUSD_Fast*USDCAD_Fast) - 1;
if(AUD)
arrCAD[i] += (AUDUSD_Slow*USDCAD_Slow) /
(AUDUSD_Fast*USDCAD_Fast) - 1;
if(NZD)
arrCAD[i] += (NZDUSD_Slow*USDCAD_Slow) /
(NZDUSD_Fast*USDCAD_Fast) - 1;
if(CHF)
arrCAD[i] += (USDCHF_Fast / USDCAD_Fast) /
(USDCHF_Slow / USDCAD_Slow) - 1;
if(JPY)
arrCAD[i] += (USDJPY_Fast / USDCAD_Fast) /
(USDJPY_Slow / USDCAD_Slow) - 1;
}// end if CAD
if(CHF)
{
arrCHF[i] = 0;
if(USD)
arrCHF[i] += USDCHF_Slow / USDCHF_Fast - 1;
if(EUR)
arrCHF[i] += (EURUSD_Slow*USDCHF_Slow) /
(EURUSD_Fast*USDCHF_Fast) - 1;
if(GBP)
arrCHF[i] += (GBPUSD_Slow*USDCHF_Slow) /
(GBPUSD_Fast*USDCHF_Fast) - 1;
if(AUD)
arrCHF[i] += (AUDUSD_Slow*USDCHF_Slow) /
(AUDUSD_Fast*USDCHF_Fast) - 1;
if(NZD)
arrCHF[i] += (NZDUSD_Slow*USDCHF_Slow) /
(NZDUSD_Fast*USDCHF_Fast) - 1;
if(CAD)
arrCHF[i] += (USDCHF_Slow / USDCAD_Slow) /
(USDCHF_Fast / USDCAD_Fast) - 1;
if(JPY)
arrCHF[i] += (USDJPY_Fast / USDCHF_Fast) /
(USDJPY_Slow / USDCHF_Slow) - 1;
}// end if CHF
if(JPY)
{
arrJPY[i] = 0;
if(USD)
arrJPY[i] += USDJPY_Slow / USDJPY_Fast - 1;
if(EUR)
arrJPY[i] += (EURUSD_Slow*USDJPY_Slow) /
(EURUSD_Fast*USDJPY_Fast) - 1;
if(GBP)
arrJPY[i] += (GBPUSD_Slow*USDJPY_Slow) /
(GBPUSD_Fast*USDJPY_Fast) - 1;
if(AUD)
arrJPY[i] += (AUDUSD_Slow*USDJPY_Slow) /
(AUDUSD_Fast*USDJPY_Fast) - 1;
if(NZD)
arrJPY[i] += (NZDUSD_Slow*USDJPY_Slow) /
(NZDUSD_Fast*USDJPY_Fast) - 1;
if(CAD)
arrJPY[i] += (USDJPY_Slow/USDCAD_Slow) /
(USDJPY_Fast/USDCAD_Fast) - 1;
if(CHF)
arrJPY[i] += (USDJPY_Slow/USDCHF_Slow) /
(USDJPY_Fast/USDCHF_Fast) - 1;
}// end if JPY
}//end block for(int i=0; i<limit; i++)
//----
return(0);
}
//+------------------------------------------------------------------+
//|  Subroutines                                                     |
//+------------------------------------------------------------------+
double ma(string sym, int per, int Mode, int Price, int i)
{
double res = 0;
int k = 1;
int ma_shift = 0;
int tf = 0;
switch(Period())
{
case 1:     res += iMA(sym, tf, per*k, ma_shift, Mode, Price, i);
k += 5;
case 5:     res += iMA(sym, tf, per*k, ma_shift, Mode, Price, i);
k += 3;
case 15:    res += iMA(sym, tf, per*k, ma_shift, Mode, Price, i);
k += 2;
case 30:    res += iMA(sym, tf, per*k, ma_shift, Mode, Price, i);
k += 2;
case 60:    res += iMA(sym, tf, per*k, ma_shift, Mode, Price, i);
k += 4;
case 240:   res += iMA(sym, tf, per*k, ma_shift, Mode, Price, i);
k += 6;
case 1440:  res += iMA(sym, tf, per*k, ma_shift, Mode, Price, i);
k += 4;
case 10080: res += iMA(sym, tf, per*k, ma_shift, Mode, Price, i);
k +=4;
case 43200: res += iMA(sym, tf, per*k, ma_shift, Mode, Price, i);
}
return(res);
}
//+------------------------------------------------------------------+
//|                                                                  |
//+------------------------------------------------------------------+
void sl(string sym, int y, color col)
{
int window = WindowFind(Indicator_Name);
string ID = Indicator_Name+Objs;
int tmp = 10 + y;
Objs++;
if(ObjectCreate(ID, OBJ_LABEL, window, 0, 0))
{
//ObjectSet(ID, OBJPROP_CORNER, 1);
ObjectSet(ID, OBJPROP_XDISTANCE, y + 35);
ObjectSet(ID, OBJPROP_YDISTANCE, 0);
ObjectSetText(ID, sym, 18, "Arial Black", col);
}
}
//+------------------------------------------------------------------+

--- 帖子 #1044 ---
Hmm not sure what it causing it. I have only seen it on the empty set. I do not know what to tell you. It definitely looks like you largest mem location. to me.

--- 帖子 #1045 ---
My EA doesn't do reverse trading.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1046 ---
Thanks matrixebiz...

Should your EA use CCFp.ex4 attached, or we can use the original one ?

KG

--- 帖子 #1047 ---
You can use the original but the original doesn't work with IBFX mini.

The one attached is modified for IBFXm accounts and others, so you can use the original if using it with other brokers and/or IBFX Standard.

--- 帖子 #1048 ---
FerruFX, I know you don't put external buffers in your indicator. How have you been able to solve that problem I'm having with the CCFp indicator? Did you have to convert the indicator into some sort of function, and then call that function?

--- 帖子 #1049 ---
hello everyone .. here it's my first time to post a reply in this great forum ..

i wish i could read the hole theread .. but it's over 70 pages .. too larg for me .. hhhh

would you execuse me , i just wanna ask about this indicator .. it's like a runied gun , sometimes it shoot good , and take a nice gool , and sometimes it shoot back and kill it's holder .. !!

i just heard about new something in this indecator that ppl use it in the both of american and euoropian markets .. and there it works good ..

i'm trying it myself .. i just wanna share you , and make sure of this information !!

i'd love to hear from you .. thnx alot !

youby

--- 帖子 #1050 ---
The reason to 0pen this thread again is to explore and find the best setup. So the holder will not killed...

KG

--- 帖子 #1051 ---
thnx alot for that quick replying ..

but i still dunno , is that true that the indicator dosn't work fine in the japanise markets ???

--- 帖子 #1052 ---
The CCFp-Diff doesn't call the CCFp indicator. I coded it inside.

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #1053 ---
so, matrixs ea does work. had success on 1am(8:00) candle. recommend using a take profit ea as well.

--- 帖子 #1054 ---
youby,  I think the best way to find out is to test it out yourself. As for me I got the chance to put in the trades suggestions @GMT00 based on the CCFp_diff_v2.0MTF and I got positive pips!

--- 帖子 #1055 ---
two losing trades since the 29th!  up 6.6% in two days.

same settings as lost post.

I do have to keep closing my platform and reopening after every round of trades so I am probably missing trades because I do sleep occasionally.

really great work RR!

--- 帖子 #1056 ---
I'm working on a resetting function in the EA to hopefully refresh the CCFp values every bar. If that fails, I guess I have to go the same route as FerruFX. Anyone care to help me put the indicator inside the EA?

[edit]

I found an interesting twist to this bug:

Now the indicator is returning all 0.

--- 帖子 #1057 ---
It will be nice to found a fix for this EA RR in order to work in all platforms.

I wish you success.

B

--- 帖子 #1058 ---
aHENDON,

Why you have different lots trading in your platform ?

Thank you

B

--- 帖子 #1059 ---
CFF EA

Set up TL 0 MA 1 and 2

Around +500 pip closed and next set of contract just opened by the ea

An in profit

--- 帖子 #1060 ---
harigp, which ea that u use? RR or matrix?

KG

--- 帖子 #1061 ---
Matrix

--- 帖子 #1062 ---
In which time frame you have made these changes in the ea ?

--- 帖子 #1063 ---
The EA is TF 4 Hours

Second contracts are just break even only

--- 帖子 #1064 ---
take a look guys on the recomendation of the 4h. frame ..

see , the 1s.t one is to sell CHF , and the 3rd. one is to buy it !!!!

so , you as you gurantee that one pair gonna bring a +ve pips, you gurantee also , the 2nd one gonna bring a -ve pips

is that normal in this indicator ?? and if yes ... could anyone explain this to me ?!?!

--- 帖子 #1065 ---
Hey Ronald, if you figure out what makes the EA stop working can you let me know. Thanks. Mine does the same thing.

--- 帖子 #1066 ---
cff ea

Investment  $ 33

Profit      $  17

TL 0  MA 1 AND 2 TF 4 HOURS SECOND CONTRACTS

--- 帖子 #1067 ---
Are you testing my EA? Can you test with TL=1 also, I think it is better.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1068 ---
It's definitely the indicator causing it. I'm still trying to reverse-engineer the code.

--- 帖子 #1069 ---
If the ma() give zero as value, what happens to the array's afterwards, because the for loop is broken? Maybe something there?

--- 帖子 #1070 ---
Hi RR and Matrix,

I tried both your EA on different Ibfx mini platform

RR,s EA initially made positive pips.Then it started opening trades OPPOSITE of what was recommended.Then next time it started openig TWO positions of each recommendation.

Matrix EA made almost 500 pips first two trades.Then it completely stopped working.Did not open any position.

So I am not sure what is happening .I feel that somehow Ferrfx indicator V1.04 needs to be made to work closely with EA to succeed.

thanks

Kris

--- 帖子 #1071 ---
Scripts work one time and quit. Sounds like your EA?

later,lad

--- 帖子 #1072 ---
If you enabled "reverse trades" that's what happens =D That was explained awhile ago.

--- 帖子 #1073 ---
I'm still not having any luck getting RR's EA to run on Alpari. Notwithstanding the issues of the re-start, looks like your having great success with the 4H chart. Just wanted to verify your settings with you. Thanks for the post. Later,lad

--- 帖子 #1074 ---
I assume it is Money Management set to 2% that is determining the lot sizes.

--- 帖子 #1075 ---
FYI - this is on Alpari UK.

and it picked up another 23 winners 1 loser last night.

woke up and reset platform for another go.

--- 帖子 #1076 ---
Ronald

Do you need to have the ccp in every pair or just in the \expert\indicator\

Thanks

Dave

--- 帖子 #1077 ---
Just in expert/indicator

--- 帖子 #1078 ---
hI MATRIX

$ 32  Profit  $ 12

TF 15 MINUTES  LEVEL 1  MA 1 AND 2

I woke up from sleep and booked the profit

--- 帖子 #1079 ---
THANKS!

--- 帖子 #1080 ---
HI matrx

The EA was stopped after booking my third contract, I closed the terminal

and started.

Also for my third contract it was in time frame 4 hours I just changed to

Time frame 15 minute and EA sarted to work

Does this time frame is important to attach the EA

or time frame 4 hours is inbuilt in ea

--- 帖子 #1081 ---
Yes, that what I've gathered now. I'm looking at the indicator now.

Maybe FerruFX can fix the CCFp indicator to refresh automatically.

I loaded about 8 different variations of the indicator I download on one chart and a couple did stop calculating after the first bar (Which I think did include the Original) but a few are still going and calculating properly before I left for work  I'm at work so can't check which indicator versions are still calculating correctly and won't get back home before market close so I'll have to report on Monday which versions have continued to refresh them selves.

--- 帖子 #1082 ---
Nope, you can use the TF of your choice with the EA but I've noticed that the indicator didn't load up correctly TF's under M30.

--- 帖子 #1083 ---
Hi,

the most of the rs-traders in here seems to use Ferrufx's indicator without the reversal function. So i guess it correspond with ES initial idea (exepct the current vers). In an earlier stage of this discussion we have noticed that the systems works great in trending market and fails in ranging markets. At the moment we have a trending market and the ssytem makes good money. But i still don't see a solution to succeed in ranging markets. Paris tried it with her reversal method. Later there were some suggestions to use indicators to appraise the market situation. My question is: Do you want to trade this system without regarding the market? Or do i understand something wrong and the system can overcome every environment?

Stefan

--- 帖子 #1084 ---
Just because your are looking at different TFs !!!

Did you never see a MA for example down on H4 and at the same time up on M15 ?

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #1085 ---
Matrixbiz EA started working again and made another 200 pips. I still have it on 1 hr chart. I just dont know why it stopped working.

BUT evertime it has been working IT has given POSITIVE pips.Looks like it is great EA but needs some fine tuning.

Thanks

Kris

--- 帖子 #1086 ---
When it started working again did you notice if anything changed? Platform broker log out and back in, you didn't close the platform did you, etc ...

Weird, BTW are you using TL 1?

--- 帖子 #1087 ---
Matrix, No, I did not restart the platform.

kris

--- 帖子 #1088 ---
Hello ES, I don't have any technical knowledge of the indicator but if it trades seldomly yet profitably perhaps it's best not to tune it

Best,

Andy

ps. good system (not sure I understand completely but helps my trading so thanks).

--- 帖子 #1089 ---
I have seen some negative vibes are moving from some members and these members have not visited the system before

Only god can develop the system for ranging market

I am a cool person, I will  resopnd if it cross boundries

--- 帖子 #1090 ---
Hi RR

On the mql site, I found:

EMPTY_VALUE = 0x7FFFFFFF Default custom indicator empty value - or 2,147,483,647

CLR_NONE = 0xFFFFFFFF Indicates empty state of colors - or 4,294,967,295

Dunno if that's the reason, though, naturally.

Have you found someone to help incorporate Ccfp in your EA?  I'm no great

shakes at programming but I've done similar things on indies ..

Junja

--- 帖子 #1091 ---
Hi,

if you respond to my post i have to say sorry but definitly no offence intended. I really like this system and im only looking for some improvements. My post should sound objective and not aggressiv. I only wanted to know if you change or adapt your system in a ranging market.

Sorry for confusions.

Stefan

--- 帖子 #1092 ---
Thanks for the response

Basically we are Intra Day Traders and make the pip and go home

If you look into any chart today from TF 1 to TF 4 the charts are not welcome to take up any trade,but we still look into possibilites and

make some pip or loose pip eventhough the chart shows 500 to 600 pips

from open.

--- 帖子 #1093 ---
Every time you change the timeframe, you reinitialize the EA. So that would reset it.

smjones went over this. We couldn't find anywhint with "EMPTY" in it.

---------------------------------------------

I know FerruFX has solved this problem already and I also know that he is very protective of his code, so I'm exploring every other option before I ask him for help with this.

--- 帖子 #1094 ---
Couple of Settings i think necessary to point out:

ShutdownEA = false; => If you don't want EA to open another trade.

CloseAllPosition = false; ==> Emergency close to all open position made by EA

extern int TakeProfit = 100;  ==> Initial TakeProfit

extern int StopLoss = 50; ==> Initial TakeProfit, necessary if you lost connection to you broker and your trades go against you

extern int Risk_Setting = 1; ==> change to 0 if you want to set Lots manually

extern double Lots = 0.01; ==> change Risk_Setting to 0 if you want to use this

extern int MM_Setting = 2; ==> Check 2 Options below. If you don't like it and want to manage yourself then change to 0, or you can use CloseAllPosition to close all positions.

extern string Setting_2 = "----------- Option 1 (TrailStop) -----------";

extern int TrailingStop = 50;

extern string Setting_3 = "----------- Option 2 (Equity) -----------";

extern int TakeProfitEquity = 1000;

extern int StopLossEquity = 200;

extern string Setting_4 = "----------- Time filter -----------";

extern bool UseTimeFilter = false;

extern int StartHour = 5; ==> EA will start to trade on this hour. You need to enable UseTimeFilter to true.

extern int EndHour = 8; ==> EA will stop to trade on this hour. You need to enable UseTimeFilter to true.

extern string Setting_5 = "----------- News filter -----------";

extern int NoTradeDay1 = 0; ==> if you don't want to trade on certain day

extern int NoTradeDay2 = 0; ==> if you don't want to trade on certain day

extern string Setting_7 = "----------- Trade Settings -----------";

extern bool ShowSignals = true; ==> if you would like to see the signal

extern bool ReverseTrade = true; ==> reverse trade.

extern int Trade_Level = 3; ==> pretty much like FerruFx but since i don't round up then you need to add 1 if you want to have the same result with FerruFx indicator.

This EA does not need CCFp indicator. It has it's own code built in the EA. This is multicurrency EA, you only need 1 attached to chart.

If you want EA to trade on H4 then attached it on H4.

If you want EA to trade on H1 then attached it on H1.

I haven't test it much since market is close.

Enjoy, hopes you like it.

--- 帖子 #1095 ---
[quote=Ronald Raygun;2319460]

> smjones went over this. We couldn't find anywhint with "EMPTY" in it.

It might just be that mt4 is giving that value to an unfilled variable ..

Junja

--- 帖子 #1096 ---
Thank you ydaudw..

KG

--- 帖子 #1097 ---
ferrufx,

here is the image of the chart i was talking to you about in my PM to you.

Please Email me your reply.Thanks

Kris

--- 帖子 #1098 ---
Hello, thank you.

How many minutes does the EA wait after bar open to place the trades?

So, if I want to use my own lot size, I have to set MM=0 and Risk=0?

TP and SL is per trade, correct? not the whole basket

News filter is set right now to not trade Sunday(0) ?

--- 帖子 #1099 ---
Soonest all pairs receive first ticks, still need to be test though not sure how much accurate is this.

Risk need to be set 0 if you want to use your own lot size.

MM not necessary to be 0, unless you don't want EA to manage your trade.

Yes, TP and SL is per trade.

Default News filter is zero, means it will trade all the time since market are close on Sunday.

--- 帖子 #1100 ---
Your welcome. Hopes you can share your result with this EA.

--- 帖子 #1101 ---
ydaudw, how do you get around the refreshing problem which is affecting Matrixbiz and myself?

--- 帖子 #1102 ---
I put a warning message in my EA like below:

Alert("EURUSD bar less than 100. Open new EURUSD chart with timeframe "+Period()+" to fix this");

This will fix return zero issue.

--- 帖子 #1103 ---
Does this mean I just need to increase my history size?

--- 帖子 #1104 ---
Just want confirm that  we now have one more additional EA for this system

--- 帖子 #1105 ---
There are 3 EAs

Mine

Matrixbiz

Ydaudw

--- 帖子 #1106 ---
hi RR

Is their any possiblity of Your EA to be attached in one chart for all the

currency pairs and that way the MT 4 is not overloaded with EA for

each currency pair

--- 帖子 #1107 ---
It's possible for me to put that in. But I'm wondering how to control which pairs to trade, and not to trade. I think there are 28 different permutations of currency pairs, some certainly with higher spread than I'm comfortable with, and low volatility.

--- 帖子 #1108 ---
HI RR

I can understand, may be you can provide us the option in EA  in one chart or multiple chart and it will be up to the trader to decide how he wants

the EA to be attached or version 1 EA for single chart

--- 帖子 #1109 ---
HI ydaudw

extern int TakeProfit = 100; ==> Initial TakeProfit

extern int StopLoss = 50; ==> Initial TakeProfit, necessary if you lost connection to you broker and your trades go against you

If you keep the above option and connection is ok then you will end up with

100 pip profit/50 pip loss for the entire basket of trade or we have to use

put 0 for both above to target  the equity option

Little bit confused , can you clarify what will be the sequence of event

--- 帖子 #1110 ---
Hey Ronald, my EA and yours has the ccfp All_Bars setting in the EA set to Zero and I notice that the indicators that I loaded on my chart that were set to Zero, stopped calculating. I think I'm going to set All_Bars to 200 and see if that fixes it.

EDIT: I'm going to attach a version of the indicator that I think works best with my EA. Stay tuned

--- 帖子 #1111 ---
I found that when you switch timeframe sometimes CCFp return zero. So by identifying which pair is zero we can send out alert that bar history for that particular pair is not enough. I haven't found any better method yet.

Regards,

Daud

--- 帖子 #1112 ---
Perhaps you can put an options like mine.

extern bool Trade_EURUSD = true; // spread 2

extern bool Trade_USDJPY = true; // spread 3

extern bool Trade_EURGBP = true; // spread 3

extern bool Trade_GBPUSD = true; // spread 4

extern bool Trade_USDCHF = true; // spread 4

extern bool Trade_EURCHF = true; // spread 4

extern bool Trade_EURJPY = true; // spread 4

extern bool Trade_USDCAD = true; // spread 5

extern bool Trade_AUDUSD = true; // spread 5

extern bool Trade_NZDUSD = true; // spread 5

extern bool Trade_CHFJPY = true; // spread 7

extern bool Trade_EURCAD = true; // spread 8

extern bool Trade_AUDCAD = true; // spread 8

extern bool Trade_GBPCHF = true; // spread 9

extern bool Trade_GBPJPY = true; // spread 9

My broker is IBFX and i only trade pair which the spread are 9 or below.

--- 帖子 #1113 ---
No, its for individual pair not the whole basket. So each pair will have default 100 TakeProfit and 50 StopLos.

--- 帖子 #1114 ---
I went back to the article where this most likely originated and found this tidbit: http://articles.mql4.com/422

Personally, I'm running this on 12 pairs on a 1.6 ghz intel little valley machine. It doesn't break a sweat.

Thus, I'm going with the recommendation and changing the default value to 1,000. I'm also looking into changing the EA so it can trade multiple currencies from one chart. Here's a quick update for the All_Bars fix.

NOTE: You still need to attach the EA on whatever pairs you want to trade. I have not added multi-currency trading, that is V3.

--- 帖子 #1115 ---
Thanks for the new EA

Can't wait till the market opens to test

I like doing manual trading but if the EA will work it would be great for night(sleeping) trading

Thanks again for all your hard work much appreciated

Dave

--- 帖子 #1116 ---
I can only run RR's ea's Matrix and ydaudw's show in the folder but can't be selected and attatched.  any ideas - it is somethign simple and obvious no doubt....

--- 帖子 #1117 ---
Remember one of the first custom indicators created for this strategy on the first thread started by ES?

I was version 1.02b(forgive me I do not remember its creator...not FerruFx)

This indicator showed strength with a + or a - and had the lines for each currency at the bottom of the chart.

It did have refreshing issues but i like the lines at the bottom of the chart because they showed what the currency was doing...for example: On 10/28, JPY was very strong and AUD was very weak...they started to move from these extreme levels(each toward zero) and AUD/JPY had a very strong upmove.

I was wondering if we could take this observation and work it into a reversal strategy.

Just curious if anyone else has noticed this.

--- 帖子 #1118 ---
Perhaps this article may be interesting and perhaps help? http://articles.mql4.com/484.

Lubo

--- 帖子 #1119 ---
Yes I agree with you...

I have observed this too.. Now I'm doing another test related to this. What I'm doing is to find the highest index and the lowest index base on CCFp indicator (btw: i use the original one but i change it to measure current condition with fast = 1 and slow = 2).

I start with H4 as a base TF. The strategy is simple, example: if we found that AUD is the highest index and JPY is the lowest index on H4 (10-15 minutes after new candle appears), I will Buy AUDJPY, AUDUSD, AUDCAD, AUDNZD,AUDCHF and Sell GBPAUD, EURAUD base on AUD index. And then i will Buy GBPJPY, AUDJPY,USDJPY,CADJPY,CHFJPY,NZDJPY and EURJPY.

Base on this every 4 hour we will open 14 trade.... I don't know if we could discuss here or not, because it's like we have to follow ES rule in this thread. Should we open a new thread base on this observations ?????

KG

--- 帖子 #1120 ---
And we could fill our basket with more pairs if we trade base on two highest and two lowest currencies....

After read several times the basic concept of CCFp.. I think this strategy will be better. Any opinions or idea ????

KG

--- 帖子 #1121 ---
In my experience, this happens when there is a mis-match between the number of parameters expected in the indicator iCUSTOM( call and the extern parameters in the indicator being called OR in the type of parameter being called (color vs double, etc.)

I ended up re-coding the CCfp indicator inside the EA- it also runs faster without the graphics code - and without constant loading and re-loading by mt4.

--- 帖子 #1122 ---
KG,

I am interested to know the outcome of your idea. I don't have any idea right now. I will go back and read again the CCFp concept.

Good luck!

--- 帖子 #1123 ---
Just check what is happened now...

On my CCFP Time Frame H4, AUD and NZD are the highest and USD and JPY are the two lowest. My demo already reach 1664 pips... now. I open USD, AUD, NZD and JPY groups on my demo.. 23 minutes before the 4H candle finish.

KG

--- 帖子 #1124 ---
KG,

Based on the above, can you let us know the trades that you had placed?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1125 ---
Here are the trade that I open a few minutes ago after new 4H candle starting. On my CCFp CAD and AUD are the highest index and USD and JPY are the lowest index.

KG

--- 帖子 #1126 ---
KG,

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1127 ---
Here is the results:

KG

--- 帖子 #1128 ---
Here is:

I will keep open all the trade till the 4H completed for observation.

KG

--- 帖子 #1129 ---
HI MATRIX

First batch of 5 contract opened closed at +225 pip

using the new ea

--- 帖子 #1130 ---
So if you see that they are the 2 strongest against the 2 weakest...you are going to buy the strongest against the weakest...

What I was looking at(with the old indicator) was when the strongest pair was at an "extreme", then pulled back toward the zero line and the weakest was also at an "extreme" and moved up toward the zero line...In my post I gave an example of JPY and AUD on 10/28...JPY was at a very high(strong) level and AUD was at a very low(weak) level...both the farthest of the group away from the zero line...when each one moved toward the zero line you take the reverse position...

Buy AUD/JPY(even though the indicator still shows AUD very weak and JPY very strong.

See attached chart

--- 帖子 #1131 ---
I am following your progress.

Thanks again.

--- 帖子 #1132 ---
Hi Rick, can you post the version of CCfp indicator your using.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1133 ---
Here is the result. I close all trade and Balance is 5.512.11 now. wait next 4H candle...

KG

--- 帖子 #1134 ---
After waiting 10-15 minute i got GBP & NZD are the Strongest and USD & JPY are the Weakest. Here are the trade that i took 10-15 after new candle formed at H4.

KG

--- 帖子 #1135 ---
KG,

What decision did you based on to SELL GBPNZD in the screenshot?

Appreciate your response.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1136 ---
Hi kang_gun...

would you like to share your indicator?

because i dont have like u...

thanks

--- 帖子 #1137 ---
As I said before i'm still observe this strategy , including the three EA that already post here. I'm just trade base on the group of strongest and lowest currency.

KG

--- 帖子 #1138 ---
Hi Kangun

Since you are watching your trade closely, What was your maximum drawdown  on today,s trade. Has the Loss reached your margin amount before it became profitable

--- 帖子 #1139 ---
Check on Experts or Journal there should be something there.

--- 帖子 #1140 ---
I have been following your strategy.... Quite interesting.

Which settings are you using and which FerruFX indicator?

Your entry strategy I understand..... however your exit is as I understand....   You just let it go untill about 15 minutes before closing of the 4 Hrs bar and than close all the trades?

Looking forward to your reply, Jon

--- 帖子 #1141 ---
hI Ydaudw

I have attached your EA in  TF 1 hour and I am seeing contracts geeting closed for 3 pip, 5 pip etc

I have not changed any settings in the EA

--- 帖子 #1142 ---
This makes more sense to me and i think it is following ES idea.

--- 帖子 #1143 ---
Hi Matrix

Second set of contract and third set of contract all profitable,Now

4 th contract is going on

--- 帖子 #1144 ---
new version release = CCFpEA v1.1 (Build: Nov 3, 2008)

--- 帖子 #1145 ---
Cool  What are the new features?

So your EA works on two TimeFrames? If I just want to trade on One TimeFrame, do I just set Timeframe 1=60 and Timeframe2=60?

How how does your Equity profit work. If I want the EA to close all trades when I get a 5% increase, do I put 105 in the Equity TP spot?

Lot Size says 10000 but I have lots set at 0.1

What do I use when I change my chart to H4?

Oh, and I forgot to mention, the EA keeps opening trades on the next hour bar even though I already have trades open from the previous bar.

--- 帖子 #1146 ---
Hi Matrix

Of the 3 ea's in this thread i've had the most succsess.  Any possiblity of adding a blanket tP and SL?  That would really be so cool.

Thanks for sharing

The Moolahdude

--- 帖子 #1147 ---
Yep, I can add that.

--- 帖子 #1148 ---
Kanggun,

I like your idea.Infact I have been looking at ccfc in that angle. But I am confused in your above post when you said"sell gbpaud,euraud base on aud index." What do you mean by that.

Can you please explain your system in detail.

thanks

Kris

--- 帖子 #1149 ---
i believe he is saying that he would only trade in the direction of the two at the most extreme. i.e in his example, he only trades in the direction of the aud and the jpy.  all buys towards aud all sells towards jpy.

now, the question is. do you do it EVERY 4h candle, no matter the suggestion. Or if aud is the strongest you'll only still buy aud when the ccfp4h corresponds.

--- 帖子 #1150 ---
That's the issue that i try to solve.

I like ES idea in the first of this thread, but the problem when we open all the trade at the first 4H candle, sometime price not move as prediction which is caused our basket going minus. And then we come with reversal idea, MTF etc.. this is the beatifull of team work, that's solve the problem (a little) but i still not satisfy hehehehe that's why i try to explore it deeply...

KG

--- 帖子 #1151 ---
Jon, i use the CCFp indicator for this idea. The idea is we only trade all the pairs that have a correlation with the strongest and weakest index. I try to test it on H4 and just open when the candle start and close after the candle finish for observations only. Why we chooce the strongest and weakest only? because in my opinion this currency has high probabilty to move as prediction.

KG

--- 帖子 #1152 ---
Thank you Kris....

About sell gbpaud, euraud it's caused aud index is strongest.

The detail idea i have explain above in my answer for harigp and jon

KG

--- 帖子 #1153 ---
Could we have an indicator that show the rank of currency Index (Base CCFp current condition) from the strongest to weakest for all TF in one chart?

We will use it to use the idea to trade only the strongest and weakest currency on base TF that we chooce. And Entry when the same conditions is formed in the small TF. Exit strategy we will develope it after or during the test.

Thank you

KG

--- 帖子 #1154 ---
This is the old indicator with the lines and + and - symbols.

I still think looking at these lines gives a lot of information about the currencies trend and possible end of trend.

--- 帖子 #1155 ---
I agree with you here. The original lines can give you a good bit of info .  I also like the Complex_Pairs1 indicator.

It would be nice if there was a way to keep the lines of all the pairs off except for the pair which chart the indicator is placed on.

I haven't really found a way to do that & make it stick.

Has anyone else?

--- 帖子 #1156 ---
This shows the current currencies level.

I hope it can help.

Lubo

--- 帖子 #1157 ---
Ho Kanggun,

This is what I have been trying out with the pairs.Combing the strongest and weakest and forming a pair. So far all the trades have been positive. Let me see what happens to his trade.

--- 帖子 #1158 ---
I suggest use M15 as your exit sign.

When you see the strongest on H4 become the weakest on M15 or the weakest on H4 become the strongest on M15 just close your trade. And wait till small TF have same conditions to re entry the trade. Sometimes I use M5 as my Exit signal too.

So, in 4 hours you can fill your basket several times.. it's better than we close all trade till 4H bar finish.

KG

--- 帖子 #1159 ---
Thanks , I will try it out

kris

--- 帖子 #1160 ---
Couple of bug fixed.

That's the original idea but I haven't work on multiple TimeFrame yet. So currently that does nothing.

I tried to make my EA to become independent and complete trading tool set. By showing multiple TimeFrame allow us to see a bigger picture what is going on. I will add and show couple of more information, one of them is Kang_Gun idea to show lowest to highest.

10000 is contract size. I found bug in Equity profit, still need to do more test. If anyone have suggestion about this Equity profit please share. I will consider and try to add it on the next release.

Re EA keeps opening trades on the next hour: can you show me some picture and trading history? I don't experience this issue.

--- 帖子 #1161 ---
Please give me an axplanation about the 4 last trades

Sorry I understand the first 6 trades but can not understand how did you come to the conclusion for last 4 . Did you change something in the indicator?

--- 帖子 #1162 ---
Thank you Daud....

I have observed the idea and look like it's promising. I'll send you a pm soon.

KG

--- 帖子 #1163 ---
Kris,

I found that when almost all TF or all TF agree the currency will move strong and that's the best and savest time to entry. Check the picture below. When almost all TF said that JPY is the weaknest (Check the bottom indicator at the picture) all JPY group will move UP (Check the JPY group trend at the top of picture).

Thanks

KG

--- 帖子 #1164 ---
Thank you Lubo...

KG

--- 帖子 #1165 ---
And this what is happened a few minutes ago... when JPY is the strongest currency from M1 to H1 all JPY group move down. The bad thing is it's hard to open it manually, and finally i think we need an EA to do this.

Since the morning i observe this.. and found that if M5 to H1 agree that's enough for us to fill our basket and close all trade when the condition change on M5 or M15. Or we can set TP manualy for each pair.. let's say 15 pips so when we open 7 pairs that's good enough all TP will be hit.

The advantage is the strongest and the weakest at M1 to H1 change periodically. This is an opportunity for this idea, because the trade will frequently open.

Hope this help

KG

--- 帖子 #1166 ---
Hi kang

Can you share the indicator  as shown in your graph for us also

--- 帖子 #1167 ---
Actually i'm not a good coder..

I make those indicators this morning just to help me observe the price movement base on the highest and lowest index idea... I'll post it soon after finish the rest groups...

Thanks

KG

--- 帖子 #1168 ---
In fact not only are you looking for strongest vs weakest, but also for the moments of breakouts..... You are down the same road as I am. Excellent approach with the KG_Trend_MTF Multipairs indicators. Could you please post these for us here?

I may not be posting all the time, but I'll be on your tail...... watching all your results and posts here. THX you are doing a marvelous job !!!!!!

Here is another one quite recently posted by ForexFlash which helps pinpointing breakouts. Post 727 ont his page: http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...112522&page=49

Hope you like it too....... Read my comments in the same thread.....

Cheers, John

--- 帖子 #1169 ---
HI Kang

I thought this indicator is already avilable

Seems good on the chart

we are waiting for you to complete the indicator

thanks

--- 帖子 #1170 ---
KG,

I just read your posts and also your screenshots and..... WOW!

Very excited to test it out.

Again.... Excellent work !

--- 帖子 #1171 ---
OK, here you go. I'm using IBFXm, running 4H and you'll notice I have trades open from 04:00 and now trades from 08:00.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1172 ---
I'm not sure what you are trying to say. Those are different pair? If there are new signal next 4H then EA will open new position.

Let say: Now we got Buy signal on EURUSD, what happen on the next 4H:

- If signal on EURUSD is disappear from the list then EA do nothing

- If Sell signal on EURUSD then EA will close current Buy and Open Sell position.

Hopes this clarify?

--- 帖子 #1173 ---
Kang Gun,

I did another trade this AM and was positive again. I hope you understand what I am doing. I just want to make sure we both are in the same wave length.

What I do is ,Go LONG with two currencies where both are positive and go short currencies that are both  negative. In other words for eg If both EUR and USD is positive I GO LONG eurusd.

Is that waht you are saying as well in your method?

thanks

Kris

--- 帖子 #1174 ---
This is a new spin...   And you say they have all been positive trades?

--- 帖子 #1175 ---
So far, Yes. I realise this is exactly opposite of what I was saying in my first post. I did another trade on Ibfx. Went postive again.

kris

--- 帖子 #1176 ---
here it is

--- 帖子 #1177 ---
Kris, i understand what you are doing.

But did you check the index value for both currency? You said that when EUR and USD positive you go LONG, actualy you can do that IF the EUR index value is higher than USD but if EUR index value lower than USD you should go SHORT. When both EUR & USD are positive or negative it's mean continuation movements, and the direction will follow the currency which have the highest index value. Hope it's clear... For the best trade if you wanna do a single pair, just trade pairs that give you the highest and the lowest index value. Lets say USD is the highest and GBP is the lowest so you open SELL GBPUSD. Why, because the high index value means the currency is strong and the low index value means the currency is weak.

What i'm doing now is to find the best entry time to trade all pairs that related to the highest and lowest current index value.

thank you,

KG

--- 帖子 #1178 ---
Ahh, ok, got it. Thanks

--- 帖子 #1179 ---
Another trade. Lets see what happens

--- 帖子 #1180 ---
I am little confused by "index Value"

Is it same as + or _ on ccfp

thanks

kris

--- 帖子 #1181 ---
@ KG and Kris – I’m confused now on your system you’re trying out

So what you’re doing is comparing 5 different Timeframes then are you checking for the currency that is positive on all 5 and the one that is negative for all five then placing your trade based on that? still comparing the MA’s on the last two bars, correct? Do you reverse trade that match since price for those will probably start reversing soon? Please clarify the new method. I’ve been busy with my EA based on the original system which will release over the next few days. Then I can look at your new system  Thank you

--- 帖子 #1182 ---
OK... it's different, the "+" and "-" are calculated base on previous and current index value of each currency, and i think you use the original one. So it means on your CCFp the "+" and "-" are calculated base on the first and the second candle after current candle. If you look at your CCFp indicator, on the top there are 8 values, those are the current index value.

KG

--- 帖子 #1183 ---
I have attached here MTF version of the CCFp.

I hope you enjoy.

Lubo

--- 帖子 #1184 ---
Yes, As far as My present method is concerned every thing remains same as before EXCEPT combining positive currencies to form a pair to go Long and vive versa.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1185 ---
Matrix. I am sorry I did not read your entire post.

No I dont have any REVERSE in this method

Kris

--- 帖子 #1186 ---
So with this indi, to get its + or - it's comparing current and current + 1?

Can you have an option to compare current+1 and current+2 if I want please? like the original. Nice to have the MTF though

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1187 ---
Trade baed on Index

--- 帖子 #1188 ---
This is super the profit comes very fast

how about the development of index

--- 帖子 #1189 ---
second contract

--- 帖子 #1190 ---
So your trading on open of current bar, checking the Highest and Lowest indexes (Biggest difference) and trading the pair that match positives and Negatives? am I getting it right? Are you checking multiple Timeframes?

--- 帖子 #1191 ---
This is simply super

What I have done

Say

US$ +100

Ad  +200

GB  +50

Chf  -20

JPY -100

Long AD/US, Long AD/GB ( Buy the more plus and sell the less +)

Buy US$ and sell JPY,  Buy US$ and sell JPY

The profit comes with in minutes

I am exited even to write this

--- 帖子 #1192 ---
why buy usd/jpy and sell usd/chf ?? i'm using fxdd as well and the usd is higher then the chf. or am i missing something.

--- 帖子 #1193 ---
Harigp, which indicator do you use? do you open trade on new 4 hour bar? Thank you

--- 帖子 #1194 ---
The indicator posted by lobo just above the post

I just started the trade to see how it is but I will be trading on 4 hour close

as suggested by es

US$  -100

Chf   -50

Between the minus currency  chf is better than us so sell US/CHF

--- 帖子 #1195 ---
Just making one more post for other members to understand the concept

--- 帖子 #1196 ---
So, if when the 4H bar comes to an end and my values are as in the pic, I could trade USD/JPY Short and AUD/NZD Long on the opening of the New 4H bar? USD and JPY are the Lowest - and AUD and NZD are the Highest +

--- 帖子 #1197 ---
I do not know if I understood correctly.

U want the indicator shows the difference between the ma of current bar and the last bar closed, then the difference between the last two bars closed?

Lubo

--- 帖子 #1198 ---
Correct. The original indicator calculates the last two closed bars. Yours is calculating current and last closed, right?

--- 帖子 #1199 ---
No this one only show the current value of ma.

U can change the indicator id  and the Timeframe to have more indicators with more timeframes in the same windows.

Lubo.

Ps. as soon as possible i will attach the indicator according to your request.

--- 帖子 #1200 ---
string Version = "CCFpEA v1.2 (Build: Nov 4, 2008)";

Additional parameter

BarStart = 1; this affect how CCFp is calculated. Original strategy is using bar 1 and 2. If you want CCFp calculated in real time then change it to 0. By changing this to 0 it will also affect how EA would trade the signal.

When you change BarStart to 0 then this additional parameter will be usefull. Because signal will change from time to time, so you need to set when EA should trade.

MinutesDelayStart = 3;

MinutesDelayEnd = 8;

EA will trade during this period only.

Also fix how EA generate the signal.

--- 帖子 #1201 ---
Oh, ok, so how does your indicator know whether it's a positive number or negative if it is only checking the current bar? I thought the way the Original CCFp indicator calculates this is by comparing the MA of the last two bars and if USD went up then it is positive regardless of it's location with the Zero line beccuse this still shows USD gaining strength. The Zero reference line doesn't mean anything to the original indicator. Maybe I mis-understood. If USD is above Zero that doesn't mean it is positive. Is that what your indicator is checking/using the Zero line as refference?

EDIT: This the way I thought ES Trader calculated whether the currency is a Positive or Negative

Quote from original thread (Zero line is not used as a reference) ;
"ES Trader

Member

Member Since Oct 2007

Posts: 434

http://www.forexfactory.com/images/icons/icon1.gif Trading system using relative strength

I have been testing out a simple syatem almost exclusively looking at price action with fairely good results.This is how it is done:

1.Open any chart with 4 hr bar

2.add CCfp Indicator.

3. look for differences of each currency on the data menu of the LAST TWO 4hr bar.

4 Open the postion 5-10 minutes after the new bar has opened

The account has grown pretty good with alsmost no loss so far in the last one month.

This is so simple it must be easy to create an EA or indicator for this system.

I will soon put up the chart and indicator here.

Thanks

Kris"

--- 帖子 #1202 ---
I think you have misunderstood.

The original indicator original CCFp shows how  move the currency lines of ma move than the zero line, and in the last pages of posts, others are looking for a strategy based on the original indicator.

I enclose here the indicator with 3 values.

The first is the ma, the second the difference between the current bar and just closed and, the last between the last two bars closed.

Lubo

--- 帖子 #1203 ---
Ok, because if you look at my pic you'll see differences in the two indicators. The Original indicator calculation shows the difference of NZD (Difference in the MA values of the last two bars) NZD gaining in strength + which my EA is based on.

Your indicator showing NZD as being weak - which I guess the new system is based on. If I create an EA on the new system I'll have to use your indicator. I might be getting confused on the calculations.

--- 帖子 #1204 ---
You guy are going 100mph with this

but just checking on FXDD I have had not one single trade yet today

level 2 checking 4 hr and 1 day

yesterday made 500 -600 today not even an oppertunity

Any one else seeing the same

Really interested in this new devolupment but there seams to be some confussion about WHEN (TF) Where (indicators ) how (both + both - long/short)

Trying with my dryclean fluid soaked head to absorb this new twist that could be on to something

--- 帖子 #1205 ---
This ea trade strongest curr against weakest.

It is based on x metter, and it will trade any pair.........

I know that this is off topic, but maybe someone can use this

as a template for the ccfp ea that can trade any pair.

Regards

--- 帖子 #1206 ---
Another trade in Green

--- 帖子 #1207 ---
Ok, Looks like your using the Original (Last two bar MA diff calculation) not the new indicator (Current bar calculation). GBP is Negative on original 4Hbut is Positive on new indicator 4H. Changed to 4H bars (Previous pic of mine is on 1H)

--- 帖子 #1208 ---
Hi Hari, I'm assuming you are using CCFp_v1.0.2-level_MTF.ex4.

I hope you don't mind the questions.

On what TF are you using the indicator?

What are the indicator settings? Default?

--- 帖子 #1209 ---
HI SHIVA

TF 240

Default

Now I attached the  latest  which is MA,Two Bar closed  and last bar closed

with current running bar

--- 帖子 #1210 ---
Thanks!

--- 帖子 #1211 ---
Hi ydaudw,

How can I disable your Money Management with fixed lots in your EA?

--- 帖子 #1212 ---
Another trade in Positive pips

--- 帖子 #1213 ---
Forexflash,

Is this an indicator/indicator or template I tried putting them in all and nothing seem to happen

kris

--- 帖子 #1214 ---
I mean is this an EA. Even as an EA I can,t seem to download

kris

--- 帖子 #1215 ---
Matrixbiz,

I have a request. Hope I am not making you work too much here for free

To try this new method is it possible to just make a change on the preset EA of yours , so that pairs that are +ve will be bought and vice versa. You can leave all the other criteria same except NO reversals. This would help everyone here give  a try out with this method at least for whole week.

thanks

Kris

--- 帖子 #1216 ---
Just wondering why you didn't trade any negative pairs like USD/JPY?

--- 帖子 #1217 ---
I did. it is line 6 on the terminal

--- 帖子 #1218 ---
Ok, but that was 4 hours ago, I guess they were negative then also. Ok cool.

And I'll look at the new EA request  no problem

--- 帖子 #1219 ---
ok, you are right, I made a mistake (perhaps because I am not a coder, but I'm interested in mql only a few weeks).

Now I correct them, should be fine.

I apologize to everyone.

I proceeded to update the new indicators in place of old. here http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...postcount=1186 and here  http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...postcount=1205 and here http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...postcount=1159

Lubo

P.S. Initial TF is set to 0 and changes with the chart TF .

--- 帖子 #1220 ---
Thanks a bunch, Matrix

--- 帖子 #1221 ---
The CAD and JPY in your latest indy have the same values. the last pic.

--- 帖子 #1222 ---
ok already corrected.

Forgive me.

Already update.

Lubo

P.s. I also attached  here the indicators

--- 帖子 #1223 ---
Dear traders,

thank you for this interesting method. I just started looking through the pages and I really appreciate your work!

From my experience it can help a lot when many people test the EAs / methods. All the different test results normally give a pretty good idea on how to proceed. I don't know in which thread this was done extensively but I remember it helped a lot.

Because if just anyone posts his results without structure it doesn't help much in my opinion.

So I am up for some testing you just need to tell us testers what exactly we are supposed to test, which EA, which Indicator, which settings etc.

best regards and please keep up the good work!

Daniel.

--- 帖子 #1224 ---
Lubo
Could you please be kind and tell us how this indi will be used? Which of the three values to look at (most important/accurate/ etc ..!!!)? Are we to look for matches among the three values, or just the last two?
I got a little bit confused, things are moving very fast.

--- 帖子 #1225 ---
Ok, Here I GO.

This is what I am looking to try FOR NEXT 1 WEEK

1 Chart with 4 hr bar

2. CCfp_v1.0.2b indicator.

3 Make a pair combining two POSITIVE (+) currencies

AND VICE VERSA.

USE YOUR OWN DISCRETION FOR S/L AND TP

thanks

kris

eg of chart:

--- 帖子 #1226 ---
h

I only post the indicators,Which of the three values to look at as at your on discretion according to your strategy.  Follow the post of the forum. At least from this page http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...116412&page=75 from post 1120.

Lubo

--- 帖子 #1227 ---
I am looking for an indicator that will give an AUDIO ALERT every 4 hrs when new bar opens. I am sure it is somewhere here on FF. But somehow I can't seem to find it. Any help would be greatly appreciated.

thanks

Kris

--- 帖子 #1228 ---
Guys

Any idea why the two indicators
CCFp_v1.0.2-level_diff-MTF.ex4

CCFp_v1.0.2-level_MTF.ex4

do not go with each other on the same chart (but differnt windows). When ever the second is inserted the last two values of the first will disappear (only ma shows), and the window for the second is empty! removing the second, will restore the three values of the first!!

--- 帖子 #1229 ---
I was using this indicator also but seems to stop calculating after a while. What settings are you using with it.? To make is continuously keep calculating I had to change the code a bit. See pic, it just stops calculating and the lines stop drawing

--- 帖子 #1230 ---
I dont seem to have any problem. Any how here is the indicator, Try downloading this:

--- 帖子 #1231 ---
Thanks FOREXflash

KG

--- 帖子 #1232 ---
u have to change the indicator_ID.........and they work properly

Lubo

--- 帖子 #1233 ---
Kris,

Is this the one?

--- 帖子 #1234 ---
tHANKS

--- 帖子 #1235 ---
Change Risk_Setting to 0. EA will use fixed lots you enter.

--- 帖子 #1236 ---
Dear all active members, coders, participants and downloaders only,

I plan to open a new thread to observe, discuss and develope about "Basket Trading System using Highest & Lowest Index idea". I think i have to do this to keep this thread focus on the first ES idea.

Thanks to ES who has start the thread, 1trader2 that open a new thread, ferrufx with very excelent indicator to help the idea, matrix, RR and daud with great EA.

KG

--- 帖子 #1237 ---
Okay, will see you there !

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1238 ---
Kind of strange but just today I started having this exact problem and I am using the same version you attached in your post.  This indicator has been on my charts for a couple of weeks now never missed a beat ....until now.

strange...

--- 帖子 #1239 ---
Thanks Lubo

--- 帖子 #1240 ---
Time Frame 240

MA Based

closed for 282 pip

--- 帖子 #1241 ---
which indicator  did you use?  can you show the data? did you make changes in the indicator?

--- 帖子 #1242 ---
Hi Kris,

thanks for your quick answer. Are you also just trading around 4 hour bar's close?

EDIT: Just now I read your question regarding BarCloseTime so I figured it's exactly what you do...

best regards,

Daniel.

--- 帖子 #1243 ---
My second trade

--- 帖子 #1244 ---
My Friend Thanx to post your result ..

I suggest you to open position with 0.1 lot which mean each pip = 1 $

so it will be easy to see each 1$ = 1 Pip

--- 帖子 #1245 ---
Did you enter these trades on different numbers? The current pair values +/-  would only support two of the four trades, correct?  The NZDUSD and AUDUSD.

--- 帖子 #1246 ---
My Last trade on Time Frame 4 hours to take one eg

Eur/us$

MA         Running             Two closed Bar

Value       Bar/Closed Bar

US$      -252           -11                 -36

Eur        -86            33                   41

As per the new concept of  RS  Long EU/US Eventhough MA Value is both -

EU is much stronger  EU -86 US -252

--- 帖子 #1247 ---
Ok, well here are my last two EA's for this system. Not too much feedback on the others so I'll assume they are working ok

A few new features added;

close_all_at_profit$

close_all_at_loss$

Plus I attached an EA that ES Trader wanted (CCFpdv3 SD EA) that trades the pairs with the currencies that both match. e.g. EUR + and JPY + = Buy EUR/JPY. Please put the indicator here in your Experts/Indicators folder.

Please test and let me know how you make out. EA's will not place more trades if trades already exist, so try and close trades before the new bar if you want.

Thank you

--- 帖子 #1248 ---
Hi Matrixebiz,

When I apply EA to my charts I get this error in the experts tab.

Tried on H4, H1 and 30m TF, loaded the indicator correctly, cleared global variables, restarted a few times etc but wont trade

--- 帖子 #1249 ---
Thanks mate for your work.

I see you around in qqe thread.

Did you made any combination of these basket sys with the other ?

Cheers

B

--- 帖子 #1250 ---
tHANKS VERY MUCH MATRIX.

wHY THERE ARE 3 eA,S. WHAT IS THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN THEM?

THANKS

kRIS

--- 帖子 #1251 ---
Sorry, didnt realise I had to load the indicator onto the chart

Working fine now

--- 帖子 #1252 ---
Hi Kris, only two EA's.

CCFpdv3 EA - Original system EA, trades Positives with Negatives

CCFpdv3 SD EA - EA that trades (Same Direction) Positives with Positives and Negatives with Negatives.

CCFpdv3 - Indicator

--- 帖子 #1253 ---
Hi matrix

Thnks for the EA

Will test today and tommorrow

--- 帖子 #1254 ---
what I have done just now is

The CFP indicator I have attached to the 5 minute chart by making time frame input in CFP as zero

Looked into the currency that are strong and currency weak made the pair

Rather than buying the strong currency I sold (reverse trade) 5 minute time frame

--- 帖子 #1255 ---
Hi matrixebiz, could you please add trailing basket profit-locked and automatically close all current opening trades (whether it is profit or loss) when new trades executed? Btw, thank you for the EA.

--- 帖子 #1256 ---
Dear Thread,

As we are all noticing, there are many ways of playing this RS indicator:

1) buy strong RS currencies and sell them against weak RS currencies---i.e. trend following

2) sell strong RS currencies and buy them against weak RS currencies---i.e. mean reversion

The only method I don't understand is ES Trader's new twist of pairing + currencies with + currencies and - currencies with - currencies. Can you explain your logic, Kris?

At the end of the day, in order to create stability for yourselves, trading-wise, and not jump from fad to fad in indicator use and currency pairing, you will have to define when to trend-trade the basket and when to reversion trade the basket. What is that threshold and what's good enough? This is the most important and the most elusive piece of information to figure out.

Lenoxer

--- 帖子 #1257 ---
As you could see from above, there was an error in the indicators posted by me earlier.

But looking good then I realized that those indicators chasuble appeared as the indicator CCP (Common Complex percent) found here http://articles.mql4.com/484 (I say chasuble because of this indicator there is only  EX4 version).

I like the CCp because reacts more quickly and then I decided to rely again on this last, to change these two indicators attached here.

The CCp-v2-CW shows only the values in the chart window.

Now U can also choise ma parameter for every TF.

The last value (fourth) is the difference between  (current - last colsed) -(last closed -2th last closed), ie the second value - the third value.

I hope you enjoy.

P.S. I release versions mq4 so those who wish can also modify and improve them.

--- 帖子 #1258 ---
I found bug in the EA. Please take a look at GBP/NZD. It supposed to be "No trade" for GBP/NZD, but the EA open buy GBP/NZD

--- 帖子 #1259 ---
Thanks

kris

--- 帖子 #1260 ---
so does the sd ea trade in the direction of the strongest pair?? so if aud is at 6 and jpy is 8 and had a buy suggestion on both(so both were listed as + ) the ea would sell aud/jpy(due to both being + meaning a continuation of movement and jpy being stronger than aud)

--- 帖子 #1261 ---
I have the SD EA set to trade based on the direction of both, so if AUD+ and JPY+ then will BUY AUD/JPY. I think that is the way ES Trader was doing it. Correct me if I am wrong.

--- 帖子 #1262 ---
Hmmmmm I'll check when I get home. At least that trade is in the Positive

--- 帖子 #1263 ---
i believe the way it was described was that even though both are +, you still have to go towards the stronger currency. ES or kang can you clarify?

--- 帖子 #1264 ---
Hi Raver

yes that became the new concept even two + currencies are valid for trade

based on the + and the number strength for direction of trade

In the original concept we only used to trade + and -

Now  ++ as well as -- will be traded based on the number strength

--- 帖子 #1265 ---
so currently, you'd have a buy on usd/jpy usd/chf and usd/chf ?  on fxdd 20;00 candle

--- 帖子 #1266 ---
Hi raver

yes if you are looking at time frame 4 hours, But if you look the same at

other different frame by changing the indi as zero and change the chart frame the picture could be diiferent

--- 帖子 #1267 ---
hm. is it possible that in addition to what is the stronger currency should we also look at which currency had the strongest movement as well?

--- 帖子 #1268 ---
Yes to some extent, if you are an intraday trader

As you know the movement can change sharply

For the last two days I go by TF 5 minute for get in and get out, I know it is

not big boy thinking

--- 帖子 #1269 ---
Trade on TF 5 minute CFF

--- 帖子 #1270 ---
hi Mitch

its always amazing to see pple making money in forex...but i dont think that has  been my own, i have been trading forex read alot and been to some forums, but still loosing ....and i hope i can make profit in forex, also i have bought alot of custom indicators, but they tend to be a trend follower..and did reverse against u after they have given the GO signal... pls i would like to know if u could TEACH me or give me the method at which u make ur profit, i believe u dont have to make hugh pips to make good money like how much u placed here...i am sure with good LOT SIZE, and a good strategy it will be okay for the day...i plead u help me....u can as well email me directly at GAILBROS@AOL.COM, i will so much appreciate it....any one else could help me pls! i need help...

God bless u all!

wale

--- 帖子 #1271 ---
Hi gail

not to worry we are all here My Guru Es is avilable

--- 帖子 #1272 ---
This profit is for wed wed

--- 帖子 #1273 ---
Oh, I see. Ok I'll look at it.

--- 帖子 #1274 ---
So what are you doing then to determine which currency is the strongest? Just by which one has the higher number? or by most movement over the last two bars? A currency up in the higher number range may may have only moved a little positive over the last two bars and another currency in the lower number range may have moved alot more but still has a lower number, so, Which indicator do you guys use then that shows which currency is stronger? is it based on movement or higher number?

--- 帖子 #1275 ---
Ok guys!

I want to revealing my secret!  I'm joking, (but I am still amazed that no one has noticed this), is not a secret is just what I've seen lately using indicators CCFp and CCP.

If you use the 4H bar as the main trend, take a screenshoot after a couple of minutes since it started, and then after 10-15 min (sometimes even less) observed how the values have changed and so you can see what currencies are moving more! Then confirmed the trend with lower TF to enter, it is better if the coins show opposite ma lines

Exit when in the minors TF trend is stopping or reverses.

Try and tell me what you think.

Lubo

--- 帖子 #1276 ---
Code looks Ok. You might be just running into the calculating issue the indicator has. Your time of picture is like 1 1/2 hour later. Values might have just changed 5 minutes later after trade was opened.

--- 帖子 #1277 ---
good question. thats something im not sure about and am looking into. normally i would say the higher the number the stronger the currency. however, if the 2nd currency has a faster rate of change this seems to negate or make the trade risky. jsut an observation but i dont really have an answer

--- 帖子 #1278 ---
I think you may have hit on something here...Measuring the Rate of Change of each currency could be worth exploring.

--- 帖子 #1279 ---
Yeah, I've been trying to figure this out

Do you deduce that the currency is strong only because it's index is currently high or by it's rate of change over the past two bars, that is the question  Need more incite, then I can fix my SD EA properly.

--- 帖子 #1280 ---
I think some experimentation with ROC of the currencies is warranted.

Look at the behavior of currencies when their index jumps.

Especially when the strongest currency falls and the weakest currency rises...this sometimes predicts big trend changes...the strongest don't stay strong very long and the weakest don't stay weak very long.

Apply CCfp version 1.02b on a 4hr chart and observe.

--- 帖子 #1281 ---
can i found system work in all fram 1m 5m 1h or just 4h?

thanks

--- 帖子 #1282 ---
Hi guys,

I had suggested that about 15 days ago, here http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...&postcount=454 and here http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...77#post2293777.

But none had taken it into account.

I hope that now we can develop this idea.

thanks.

Lubo

--- 帖子 #1283 ---
Hi matrix

The EA is working fine

Ihave attached both of your new EA but the Profit/loss close seems to be not working

Is it because of two EA clash

--- 帖子 #1284 ---
What are your settings and what EA's you have loaded? you've enabled true for profit and close?

--- 帖子 #1285 ---
Please take a look on my 2 charts. Why both of the CCFpdv3 have different value? It is the same broker. Thank you

--- 帖子 #1286 ---
Hi matrix

yes I enabled it now

--- 帖子 #1287 ---
To all.

If I am not invisible, and if I have not misunderstood, it would be useful to know the difference between the current ma value of current bar and initial ma value of current candle, so we could see, at least at the start of the candle, the move of each currency.

Some coder, matrix, I think you're,  can add this calculation to CCFp indicator?

I have tried, but I have not found a way.

Thank you.

Lubo

--- 帖子 #1288 ---
after looking a bit more i'd have to say i'd agree. i wanna know why i get slaughtered on some suggestions and i'm wondering if its because the rate of change on the 2nd currency is stronger then the first pair, making it try it go flat or towards the other currency.  but, ferrus indi already gives us the rate of change, but how often is this looked at outside of 'did it at least move 2 points(for those with trade level 2, etc)

--- 帖子 #1289 ---
.

Hi Tim,

Yes, the indicator ferrufx allows you to set the level, but always refers to a value of ma of the previous bar even in current version.

What I mean is that we know how to change the value of ma from the beginning of current bar, not from the previous one. I do not know if it can be useful, but from my observations seem to give a direction.

Lubo

--- 帖子 #1290 ---
Hi matrix

Soory to say that Your EA is is not working, by this time i would have walked

with +100 pip personel trading

--- 帖子 #1291 ---
what is it not doing? Can you provide some pics of the issues? need more info

--- 帖子 #1292 ---
Hi Matrix,

I have been testing out your EA (CCpdv3Sd Ea) where currencies with + to go long and vice versa.The results have been excellant with almost all trades going positive.

BUT only problem seem to be is, EA sometimes opens more than one position but other times just one currency pair.. Not sure why this happens. For eg in the chart below as you can see, there could have been lot more currency pairs  opened, but EA chose to open Only one pair. Can you tell me why this is happening.

Thanks for all your help

Kris

--- 帖子 #1293 ---
Hi matrix

I have not done the comparison of each cuurency pair with CFF indi

The only thing I can tell you is that the margin amount was called in two trades from two of the new ea

the Amount of time I waited to make some pip from ea was too long and finally nothing happend.

I cannot wait that long to make pip from EA  rather I will do manual trade

--- 帖子 #1294 ---
What TL are you using?

--- 帖子 #1295 ---
Hi matrix

Does not mean anything to me

The whole concept is a complex . on the long term no Ea is going to do the job

I agin stress the two new EA has called for margin money

--- 帖子 #1296 ---
2, same as in EA

--- 帖子 #1297 ---
I have TL 2 trade the currencies where the difference is >= 1.1 || <= -1.1 so might have just missed those ones that were 1.1. (AUD and CAD) Please let me know if it happens again. Can you test another account using TL 1. Maybe I should adjust the values were the TL's check. Thanks

--- 帖子 #1298 ---
Hi guys,

I have made other changes to indicator CCp.

First of all I added the ROC value.

Then I added displaying the indicator name and the chosen TF.

The first value is the current bar ma.

The second value is the last bar closed ma.

The 3th is the diff current bar ma - last bar closed ma.

The last is ROC value.

I hope it can be useful in some way.

Lubo.

--- 帖子 #1299 ---
Great!

Looking forward to testing this!!

--- 帖子 #1300 ---
Hi, Congratulations on really good work ! I think this is most useful change over original indicator until now. Also in my opinion it is good to preserve original look and feel of ccfp indicator, because you can see at once how price action behaves in certain timeframe.

Lubo, what formula are you using to calculate ROC ?

--- 帖子 #1301 ---
Hi ministra,

Well,

the word 'change', which I used, is not very good. It would be better to say: Small changes and same additions.

In the indicators, that I have modified, the formula for calculating the strength of the single currency is always the original one, that i think it's already a sort of ROC calculation.

The difference between the CCp and CCFp is the use of break operator, namely in the code which is called the choice of TF,  in the CCp is inserted i the operator break after each TF, where there isn't in CCFp (Look at the code).

ROC calculating that I added, concern only the difference in strength of the last two bars (bar0  and bar1), and uses the generic formula for calculating ROC, ie (B-A)A*100, in this case ( bar0- bar1 ) / bar1*100. Is everything here, nothing so fantastic.

The next step would be to add only the ROC is happening in the last bar, when I understand how to succeed.

I attached here also CCFp.

Regards.

Lubo

P.s. I also Updating the former CCp, for a small change (view of values in higher tf, the latest numbers not seen well).

--- 帖子 #1302 ---
Hi,

Sorry to bother, but can any of you tell me which version of the CCFp indicator updates automaticall/regularly ?

The one I have been using is the original version from the MQL4 website.

I would prefer one without any nonsense (apologies for the traders who need/want extras on it), just the currencies and their colour codes. (no +/- or anything else please)

Thank you in advance.

regards

daytrading

--- 帖子 #1303 ---
I think all the version updates automaticall/regularly, the original one too.

Regards.

Lubo

--- 帖子 #1304 ---
Hi Lubo,

I have to refresh mine every so often - but thank you for your reply.

regards

daytrading

--- 帖子 #1305 ---
Hi day,

I have the same problem, but no idea what's happening there.

Regards

--- 帖子 #1306 ---
Maybe is for high data to calc, try to set the All_Bar  parameter to 200 max.

Lubo

--- 帖子 #1307 ---
I know some of you are using my multi-purpose trade manager to manage basket trades as though they were a single trade. I have made some slight additions to the ea.

There is no additional functionality, but I have added better user feedback to the basket trade management routine. Don't bother re-downloading unless this is an issue for you.

I have been away from here for a couple of weeks as I have been busy elsewhere. I made a quick +300 pips earlier today, using FerruFx's indi as a trigger for entry - trade level 2 with no reverses as they were not indicated. Nice.

--- 帖子 #1308 ---
Anyone know what the best settings are for CCFpdv3 SD EA  and what timeframe

--- 帖子 #1309 ---
Thanks

regards

daytrading

--- 帖子 #1310 ---
Try this one, that I have modified.

It looks like the original one but it refreshes more faster.

Good luck.

Lubo

P.s. If you have an interesting method/strategy, please share. Thanks

--- 帖子 #1311 ---
hi i have a suggestion if we put the Probability inductors to see if the trend is clear i think we will get a better results .

--- 帖子 #1312 ---
Hi Million,

I do not know what it is.

Can u explain?

thanks.

lubo

--- 帖子 #1313 ---
For those of us trading this system as a basket system, I have added a function to my management ea, that allows us to set a time-limit on the basket's existence; once the time-limit is exceeded, the ea will close the position. Follow the link in my sig to download it.

I haven't had to use it yet, mind. So far, all I have to do is send the basket and wait for the profit to hit my tp.

--- 帖子 #1314 ---
Have I misunderstood reversing, or have I been unlucky?

As I understand it, reversing means doing the opposite to what is indicated by FerruFx's magnificent indi. For example, EU is green, showing a buy, but the indi has the gold reverse signal, so I sell instead?

Following this strategy has been disastrous. Turning off the reverse option and simply going with the relative strength strategy with a Trade_level of 2 has been fantastic, when I set my ea to close positions at +1% of balance profit.

--- 帖子 #1315 ---
Hi Steve,

I don't know if anyone is still following that strategy with the indicator FerruFx.

I think that does not come from nowhere with the initial strategy of this thread.

I believe that many follow the thread of Kang_Gun.

Could you  post the settings you use with your EA and what FerruFx indicator using?

Thank you

Lubo

--- 帖子 #1316 ---
Thanks Lubo. It looks to me as though people have abandoned FerruFx's indi a bit too quickly. Unless I missed something vital during my couple of weeks away, FerruFx's indi is accurate when it comes to identifying the trading basket.

I cannot even get Kang_Gun's indis to load in a readable way, and it seems I am not alone.

The FerruFx indi I am using is CCFp-Diff[v2.0]

My manager set is attached Edit or would be if this site allowed the uploading or .set files. This appears not to be so - strange.

Thanks for taking the trouble to reply in what appears to be a dying thread.

--- 帖子 #1317 ---
Hi Lubo & Steve,

Actually i'm still using FerruFx indicator on my observations. This indicator is awesome. Here is what i'm doing with FerruFx indicator:

Indicator: CCFp_diff_[v1.04_Current]

Setup : D1, H4, H1, M30, M15,M5

Fast : 1

Slow : 2

I'm observing trade for JPY pairs only with this setup. D1 & H4 will be the base Strength for JPY.

Buy all JPY: When JPY at D1 & H4 is strongest (The level) and followed by H1,M30,M15,M5.

Sell all JPY: When JPY at D1 & H4 is weakest (the level) and followed by H1, M30, M15,M5.

The results are pretty good so far. And Steve, i'm using your EA to take the profit and control the loss.

Thanks

KG

--- 帖子 #1318 ---
Thanks for that KG. I shall set up a chart with these settings tomorrow and look forward to viewing the results. I shall learn a little bit more about trading.

It is great that my management ea is proving useful. Thanks again.

--- 帖子 #1319 ---
Thank you steve,

I know you are pretty good on coding script. Could you make a script to open BUY and SELL all JPY groups. I try to make it but it's never open 7 pairs JPY, sometime it's only open two or three pairs from 7 pairs that we should open. So, i did it manually now... i would be nice if it's just one click.

Thank you

KG

--- 帖子 #1320 ---
But it will be a boring time to wait the signal hehehehehe but the result very nice. For me it's fun, because i love trading and i have a lot of thing to do with my else observations.

One thing that i still could understand is what is trade level, but i believe ferrufx use it to measure the strength. And i don't know what is the different between trade level (on ferrufx indicator) with the relative strength it's self.

KG

--- 帖子 #1321 ---
Hehe. How can a guy ignore such flattery?

I already coded scripts for the T101 system that included basic error checking and order monitoring so that repeated uses of the scripts would only open 'missing' trades, All I have to do is modify the code to accommodate all JPY pairs.

Leave it with me for a couple of days. I will pm you when the scripts are ready and you can tell me where to upload them. I enjoy coding things like this.

--- 帖子 #1322 ---
Thank you.....

KG

--- 帖子 #1323 ---
This is actually a great indicator!

Here is what I am playing around with.

Look at the lines on the bottom(ignore the numbers).

I am using 1hr TF.

I look for a currency above zero and a currency below zero(I try to choose ones that are the highest and lowest)(or close to it).

I then look for both of them to head toward zero...this is a signal to trade that pair.

Check out attachment: 23:00 GMT JPY weakens while AUD strengthens...signal to buy AUD/JPY on open of next bar.

Also AUD/CHF at 22:00 gmt Buy.

--- 帖子 #1324 ---
You're right Steve.

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #1325 ---
I can't agree more. The original ES trader strategy is fantastic (no reverse). The Level is a great complement to avoid small moves.

The rest is simple money management.

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #1326 ---
Nice observations.

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #1327 ---
What is trade level setup that you recommend? Minimum ?

KG

--- 帖子 #1328 ---
2 might be a good one.

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #1329 ---
Hi Rick,

Thanks for appreciation.

I use a similar tactic, look at the positions on TF H1, then the on minor TF (M15, usually) to take the entry point. Sometimes if the movement is good I use the TF  M1 to scalping JPY pairs .

Perhaps the numbers can help when the new candle start to see if the trend show by ma line is maintained.

If you believe that they are unnecessary, the original CCp has only ma lines.

Tnx.

Lubo

--- 帖子 #1330 ---
I tried reverses and got chopped to ribbons. I am finding Trading_level 2 and no reverses to be most successful.

I use my own management ea to monitor the trades and set a basket tp of 1% of the balance for every 5 trades as a rule-of-thumb.

--- 帖子 #1331 ---
Nice !

--- 帖子 #1332 ---
Can you share the overall winning ratio of your method? thanks

--- 帖子 #1333 ---
not sure if i quite get the 1% for every 5 trades thing. every 5 in the basket, or ?

--- 帖子 #1334 ---
Yep, in truth I am not so precise. Here is what I am doing when the indi suggests:

1 - 3  trades: I do not take the basket.

4 - 7  trades: 1% tp

8 - 12 trades: 2% tp

13+ 3% tp

Trading times gmt 8.00, 12.00, 16.00

--- 帖子 #1335 ---
Hello

to KG.

I trying your sistem. it's good. One question: How you find exit point?

--- 帖子 #1336 ---
The exit was set by total profit.. I use Multi Purpose Trade Manager EA, and set the basket profit around 100 to 1000 $, it's depend on market conditions. And with this EA you can lock your profit etc.. try that and you will found that SteveHopwood is brilliant... hehehe

KG

--- 帖子 #1337 ---
to KG

Thanks. it was good condition buy JPY 30 min ago. I take some profit. Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1338 ---
Steve,

Does this script(s) integrate with FerruFx's indicator and enter the buys and sells suggested (is that even possible?) or do you just do it manually for all the positions you want entered.  Could you post the scripts here?  I'm assuming that they can be used with this or any other method where you want many positions entered simultaneously.  I love your Trande Management EA by the way!

Thanks,

1Trader2

--- 帖子 #1339 ---
No, it doesn't. These scripts are available if you follow the link in my sig, but are not much use here as they are specific to T101's system.

To enter trades using signals generated by FerruFx's indi, I have all the tradable pairs represented by tiny charts - just big enough so I can see which pair they are. The indi is on a separate chart, just big enough so that I can see all the suggested trades. The navigator window occupies its own bit of blank space and is also small, with my Market Long and Short scripts (also follow my link) visible in the favourites tab. All I have to do is drag the appropriate trades onto the relevent charts and check at the end that they were all placed.

The whole process takes a couple of minutes.

I am going to add a routine to my management ea to allow me to automate the percentage of balance at which to place the basket sl: 4-7 trades will be 1%; 8-12 will be 2%; 13+ will be 3%. I shall probably make the percentages a user choice, when I have thought out the logic. Watch this space, as I will let people know here when I have done the coding.

--- 帖子 #1340 ---
do you have a similar setup for stoplosses?

--- 帖子 #1341 ---
HI lobo

Is it possbile to refine the indicator

The Values in different time frames to be inidcated in cloumn

Option to choose MA or BAR

--- 帖子 #1342 ---
Hi harigp ,my name is Lubo  .

I think it is possible. I had already tried to find a way to align the numbers, because it would be more clear, but I have not found.

Regarding the option of the bar, I think you refer to the option that is in the ferrufx indicator, but I think I missed that passage in which is demanded this option and not know what value is meant to bar.

Perhaps me you can update me and, some coder can make these changes to indicator, admitted that they have desire.

Thx.

Lubo

--- 帖子 #1343 ---
Hi Ferux,

I have followed this thread whole weekend but I couldn't find the answer for those questions, I hope you can answer me.

1) when we are using version "current" and option barclose is TRUE, when trade signal is generated ?? after bar close or just when condition is met ??

2) when we are using emas. Those emas are emas of what ?? When the signal is generated than, and how the proposed currency pair for trade is build ??

Sorry for those questions but there is no any manual for this great indicator in this thread.

Krzysztof

--- 帖子 #1344 ---
Sorry to have appeared to ignore this - I hadn't seen it.

I am not setting a stop loss. On the rare occasions that the basket fails to hit its tp, I have the management ea set to close the basket after three and a half hours.

Two more successful baskets today, at 12.00 and 16.00 gmt. I missed the 8.00 signals because I was still in bed;  lazy git.

--- 帖子 #1345 ---
Hi Lubo,

verry nice changes!

I have also programmed few versions for the CC indicators, and I have observed that for the M1, M5 and M15 time frames they are little differences if we dont take the iBarShift in consideration...

You can try folowing, and check the differencies:
Inserted Code //---- main cycle
for(int i = 0; i < limit; i++)
{
// Preliminary calculation
datetime barTime = iTime(Symbol(), Period(), i);
{
double EURUSD_Fast = ma(sEURUSD, Fast, MA_Method, Price, barTime);
double EURUSD_Slow = ma(sEURUSD, Slow, MA_Method, Price, barTime);
if(!EURUSD_Fast || !EURUSD_Slow)
break;
}
...
...
and
Inserted Code double ma( string sym, int per, int Mode, int Price, datetime barTime)
{
int iBar = [color=SeaGreen]iBarShift[/color](sym, per, barTime);
double res = 0;
int k = 1;
int ma_shift = 0;
int tf = 0;
if (TimeF == 0)  TimeF = Period();
if (Mode == 4)
{
switch(TimeF)
{
case 1:     res += LSMA(sym, TimeF, per*k, Price,i);
k += 5;
case 5:     res += LSMA(sym, TimeF, per*k, Price,i);
k += 3;
...
...

--- 帖子 #1346 ---
thanks Swing,

I will Try.

U also know the way the numbers aligned in the window?

I am not a coder, but I can quite understand the cycles and some operator, as well as some algorithm (reminescenze of High school), but everything else I have great difficulties, especially with objects and graphics.

Thanks.

Lubo

--- 帖子 #1347 ---
I have read the old post, and maybe I understood what it was intended to bar, which is the difference between the closing and opening of bar instead of the 2 MA, I see if I can make these changes.

Regards.

Lubo

--- 帖子 #1348 ---
Steve, what indicator do you use in your strategy? It is too many of them on this and other threads, getting confused. Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1349 ---
The attached by FerruFx. You don't need any other for this basket strategy; it is a supremely brilliant piece of work.

Set it on a 4h chart and set the Trade_level to 2 to filter out most of the noise, then take the trades every four hours that suit you. I don't know how well the system works in the Asian session, as I am in bed.

--- 帖子 #1350 ---
You can try following:
Inserted Code //+------------------------------------------------------------------+
//| sl
//+------------------------------------------------------------------+
void sl(string currency, double curr,double last, double diff, double roc, string IndicatoreName, int y, color col)
{
int window = WindowFind(Indicator_Name);
string ID = Indicator_Name+Objs;
string mIndicatoreName, disp;
mIndicatoreName =  Indicator_ID + IndicatoreName;
int tmp = 10 + y;
Objs++;

string sName = "ccfp_"+currency+"_";
int x1 = 10;
int x2 = ..;
int x3 = ..;
int x4 = ..;
int x5 = ..;
int x6 = ..;
int x7 = ..;
int x8 = ..;
int x9 = ..;
SetLabelObject(sName+x1+"_"+y, currency,                     col, x1, y, window);
SetLabelObject(sName+x2+"_"+y, "   C:   ",                   col, x2, y, window);
SetLabelObject(sName+x3+"_"+y, DoubleToStr(curr*10000.0, 2), col, x3, y, window);
SetLabelObject(sName+x4+"_"+y, "   L:   ",                   col, x4, y, window);
SetLabelObject(sName+x5+"_"+y, DoubleToStr(last*10000.0, 2), col, x5, y, window);
SetLabelObject(sName+x6+"_"+y, "   D:   ",                   col, x6, y, window);
SetLabelObject(sName+x7+"_"+y, DoubleToStr(diff*10000.0, 2), col, x7, y, window);
SetLabelObject(sName+x8+"_"+y, "   R:   ",                   col, x8, y, window);
SetLabelObject(sName+x9+"_"+y, DoubleToStr(roc*10000.0, 2),  col, x9, y, window);

//disp = currency + "   C:   " + DoubleToStr(curr*10000.0, 2)+ "   L:   " +DoubleToStr(last*10000.0, 2)+ "   D:   "
//+DoubleToStr(diff*10000.0, 2) + "   R:   " + DoubleToStr(roc*100.0, 2)+ "   ";
}

//+------------------------------------------------------------------+
//| Set Label Object
//+------------------------------------------------------------------+
void SetLabelObject(string sName, string sText, color col, int xx, int yy, int window)
{
ObjectCreate(sName, OBJ_LABEL, window, 0, 0);
ObjectSet(sName, OBJPROP_CORNER, 0);
ObjectSet(sName, OBJPROP_XDISTANCE, xx);
ObjectSet(sName, OBJPROP_YDISTANCE, yy);
ObjectSetText(sName,sText,TxtSize, "Arial Black", col);
return;
}

--- 帖子 #1351 ---
May I ask what kind of returns you are getting by using this strategy?

--- 帖子 #1352 ---
Steve, are you in the UK? I use Alpari UK and opening times for new candles are 7 am, 11 am, 3 pm, 6 pm or you are with another broker?

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1353 ---
Yes to both - IBFX.

--- 帖子 #1354 ---
Hi Steve, how do you determine the lot size for each pair? could you please clarify more on your money management (eg. stop loss)? Thank you

--- 帖子 #1355 ---
Not sure about trading without S/L, if trend goes against you, 8-10 pairs will wipe out your account or at list it will be difficult to recover by adding 1-3% per trade. But the same time S/L can stop a good trade as well.

--- 帖子 #1356 ---
steve, so on todays 12:00 candle, you too only had 4 suggestions on ibfx trade level 2? so it woudl have been 1% ?

--- 帖子 #1357 ---
I am considering a 10% dire emergency sl. Any basket that went that far against me is unlikely to recover.

Trouble is, this is speculation. I have only had two baskets closed at a loss - one very early on when it hit my then-set basket sl and once last week when the ea closed the trades after my 210 minutes. All the others have been a success.

--- 帖子 #1358 ---
That is what happened, yes.

I have just started work on automating the tp setting in my ea - should be available soon as it is not difficult to do.

--- 帖子 #1359 ---
Attached is a version of my ea that shows what cash value is represented by the percentage of balance I am shooting for when BasketTPasPercent is set to true. In all other respects it is exactly the same as the one in my thread, so don't bother downloading it if you are not interested in the cosmetic bit.

--- 帖子 #1360 ---
seems like a lot of 1600 candles are reversing from their suggested positions on ibfx. is everyone els in the same boat? i just dont see how people are pulling off winning positions on some of these baskets. actually it seems like every one practically is far in the opposite direction. i dont see how anyone could have gotten a 2% TP

--- 帖子 #1361 ---
Only speculating here, because I don't really know, but it is probably a matter of timing.

I am able to get my entries in within minutes, sometimes seconds, of the of the new candle appearing and the indi finishing its refreshing. Presumably, that means I am taking the trades at a good point in the cycle.

Or, maybe I have just been lucky.

Or, maybe a currency is strong relative to another for good reasons and that this strength is likely to last for a while. Buying that strength will lead to good results if done consistently?

I don't really know yet. All I can say so far is this; the method is working for me, for now.

--- 帖子 #1362 ---
I'm a bit confused have you fully automated your EA?

Or do you only use this EA to make the trades and then trade manually?

--- 帖子 #1363 ---
For those of you using my management ea to manage these basket trades, I have added the function to auto-calculate the tp based on the account balance and the number of trades opened.

Follow the link in my signature to download the latest version and read the details.

Test it on demo first. I have not been able to test it because the markets are flat as a flood plain, but the coding is so simple it cannot be wrong. Just make sure first.

--- 帖子 #1364 ---
ok i'll look more into jumping in sooner then waiting 15 min

--- 帖子 #1365 ---
I have added a basket trade jumping stop loss routine to my management ea, that can double up as a simple break-even function. Details on page 4 of the instructions - follow the link in my sig to download these and the ea.

I know the routine works ok because I have been using the function today, but cannot 'test it to destruction' before release because that would take too long. Please post in the thread if you notice anything not working properly.

--- 帖子 #1366 ---
First, I just want to express my heartfelt thanks to ES Trader for starting this forum, Ferrufx for the GREAT indicators and the contributions of countless others.  I've been searching for a LONG time for a quality forum which used rs to develop high probability trading systems.  I'm blown away!

My question...I have been through every single post on RS part 1 and 2 but have been unable to nail down the most recent version of two indicators, both developed by Ferrufx.  First, I'm wondering if somebody could direct me to the most recent update to the indicator which plots different color lines for each individual currency above and below a zero line.  It also has color coded symbols in a column on the left side along with +/- points.  Second, where can I find the latest update to the indicator which has what looks like a currency meter green for positive/red for negative on a scale from 1-10.

Already I've got some ideas spinning based on what I've seen and will be happy to share with the group.  Thanks for your consideration.

--- 帖子 #1367 ---
Not sure about the first part of your question, but I think I have attached the second. It is the one I use, anyway.

Good luck.

--- 帖子 #1368 ---
Thanks Steve!

--- 帖子 #1369 ---
sorry to barge in ..... want to express my gratitude to Steve for his wonderful mp trade management EA

Thanks Steve

Happy trading everyone

--- 帖子 #1370 ---
Sorry to all for not came here since some time. I am really busy with my clients coding requests.

Anyway, thanks again to all for your support ... especially Steve for the great helps here with his TradesManager EA.

Wish you all a lot of pips.

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #1371 ---
Hey Steve, great EA but have a problem. I have the EA only set True for;

ManagementStyle=You can select more than one option

ManageByMagicNumber=1

MagicNumber=121314

ManageAllTrades=1

GOC=----Global order closure settings----

GlobalOrderClosureEnabled=1

ProfitInDollars=1

DollarProfit=10.00000000

ManageBasketTrades=1

bin5=Basket take profit settings

BasketClosureTP=1

BasketTPinDollars=1

BasketDollarTP=10.00000000

BasketTrailingStop=1

BasketTsAtProfit=1.00000000

BasketTrailPercent=75

So it only handles Total TP and Trailing Stop basket but it looks like it closed basket I had open at -$12. Are my settings wrong? for some reason your EA is closing my basket at a loss ?? sometimes. It says they were closed by TrailingStop

Thank you

--- 帖子 #1372 ---
Sorry not to reply before now; suddenly I am not getting email notifications of posts here.

From what I read in your post, I can't see what the problem is, but here qre a couple of observations:That the trailing stop doesn't work properly is well documented, so set this to false and do not use it. I cannot see what is wrong. The basket jumping stop routine I have added seems to work ok, so try downloading the latest version and see if this helps. An ES basket of mine hit its tp earlier today. When I came to enter the next basket of trades, these were closed only a few seconds into the process. I now remove the ea after a profit take or loss close to make sure this does not happen again. It looks as though I need to add a re-initialisation routine whenever there are no trades for the ea to monitor. The difficulty here is that the ea is now very complex. When I started writing it, my documentary style was less clear than it is now - experience has taught me much. Writing a re-initialisation routine that is robust will take a while. You appear to have ManageAllTrades turned on. Turn this off as this causes the ea to attempt to manage all outstanding trades as individual entities.

--- 帖子 #1373 ---
hi mitch..how are u....could pls give me the strategy u use in trading forex..i have tried all type of strategy, i seems to be loosing i havent made 1 withdraw....pls... u can also email me at GAILBROS@AOL.COM

God bless u

wale

--- 帖子 #1374 ---
Stop this rubbish! u have posted same in diff thread, i have sent u personal mail.

stick with one system and stop merigorounding!

--- 帖子 #1375 ---
hi everyone...

may i know the results are using CCFP v2?

thanks

--- 帖子 #1376 ---
I take it by the silence that interest in this methodology has died.  Must not be profitable.

--- 帖子 #1377 ---
Far from it. I am not the only one to be trading it regularly and profitably.

It is a simple method. FerruFx's indi made it even more effective. There is no need to tweak it into oblivion; this is why not much happens here now.

Kan Gun has developed relative strength basket trading into xxxJPY pairs from ideas he gained here. Go to http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=123284 for a read - you won't be sorry.

--- 帖子 #1378 ---
I have seen so many RS templates/indicators - Where do i start, is there any write up on how to use these?? reading throught the posts could some what be misleading

it would be nice if some one from the goodness of their heart could summrize the system and place the latests indicators used

--- 帖子 #1379 ---
Try it and you might have another conclusion ...

As Steve said, when a system has reached the point where no need to add more improvement, people trade it and stop posting !

If I remember, another thread was opened to follow one of the EAs ... Guess that it is where Steve pointed you.

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #1380 ---
Hi FerruFx,

Your Indicator CCFp-Diff_[v2.0].ex4 coded is awesome. Is there any help to shift USD/CAD/JPY on the Display Histogram closed at a side?

Yours kind help is appreciated.

--- 帖子 #1381 ---
For what it is worth, here is what I am doing live: CCFp-Diff set to Trade_Level 2; I try to catch the trades at gmt 8.00, 12.00, 16.00, 20.00, although I often miss some; I allow my own management ea to calculate the basket tp; no direct stop loss - the ea shuts the position after 210 minutes.

Trade_level 2 filters out a lot of 'noise' and often results in no trades, as I do not take out a basket of less than 4 trades. I see no reason to not use the indi for individual trades - just that I don't, yet.

On demo yesterday, I started experimenting with Trade_Level 1. This gives more trades, a higher tp and quicker movement in the upl. Only time will tell whether trading success is consistent.

--- 帖子 #1382 ---
Thanks for your kind comments.

Sorry but I can't code a different indicator for each request ... as each trader has his own need to sort the currencies.

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #1383 ---
Thanks Steve for sharing your finding. Very much appreciated.

Nice pips to all ES strategy follower!

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #1384 ---
Dear Thread,

Basket trading is indeed intriguing---not having to manage each individual trade, not suffering from noise, not having to get involved with all the usual blah blah blah TA
stuff. And, as we've all seen, it also highly dangerous: all those trades, spreads, DDs, and even on low leverage. So, do you take FerruFX's great indicator and go with-trend or do you reverse the signals? Both will work at various times depending on the level of chop or trend in the market. For it is this timing of trending versus ranging markets that will make or lose you money. Said in a different way, if you can judge this trending/ranging distinction properly, you will make money; if not, not. So, where's the indicator/rule/algorithm that will help you make that judgment? I submit that it might be Orest's indicator in the Trader101 thread, the part which shows, I believe, the difference between the buy and sell sides of the basket. Less than 150<
is considered ranging and more than >150 is considered trending. The idea is to mechanize the trading, remove discretion, and plug in MM. Can you plug this critical
idea into your indicator, FerruFX?

My best to everyone,

Lenoxer

--- 帖子 #1385 ---
My idea to avoid ranging market was to code the Trade_Level in my indicator. Now each user has to find his own level according to his own risk tolerance.

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #1386 ---
Dear FerruFX,

Since the explanation is buried in the thread and I don't know where it is to be found, can you please remind me of the logic of the Trade_Level in the indicator and how that avoids ranging markets? I'm sorry to bother you for this. But thank you in advance.

Lenoxer

--- 帖子 #1387 ---
When you look the indicator (colored histogram), you can see different levels from 1 to 10. So when you set the Level to let say 2, then the suggestions will be only for that currencies which are at least at 2.

As a reminder, a higger histogram means a bigger CCFp move.

Hope that helps.

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #1388 ---
In the histogram levels, it appears that the Weekly and Monthly values are always around 10, whereas the lower time frame (H1 to M1) values are always around 1.

Higher time frames will output large values from the CCFp indicator, and lower time frames will output very small values. This would make it difficult to differentiate between the levels in the low time frames because the moves are small, and in the high time frames because the moves are large.

So it may be a better idea to scale or "normalize" the values you get from the CCFp indicator such that the maximum value over the lookback period gets scaled to a value of 10 and the minimum scaled to a 0.

What do you think FerruFX?

I've just finished reading both threads and applaud you for the great work you and other members have produced. Keep up the excellent work!

--- 帖子 #1389 ---
The indicator was designed to follow the original ES trader strategy for H4 chart.

So I agree that on monthly or 1min the scale might be not appropriate.

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #1390 ---
FerruFx,

Can your indie be set for the 1 min TF?

Thanks.

Ken

--- 帖子 #1391 ---
Yes.. you can use any TF. Just go to property and in the input there is TimeFrame input. Just set to 1 and the indicator will read M1.

Regards,

KG

--- 帖子 #1392 ---
Yes exactly. thanks again KG for your rapidity to answer. I am so busy !!!

A nice week-end to all.

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #1393 ---
Hi Ferru. Thanks for the excellent indicators. But i think it would be better to give only the first signal. For example if you have eurusd 4hour and the trend is up, the indicator gives signals every 4 hours for all the time the pair goes up. So the indicator will give signals and just before the trend reverse and we lose. So i think it would be better to have only the first signal after the trend reverses. Especially with the mtf indicator we can catch big trends from their beginning.

If you can do that, thanks a lot, if you don't want please pm.

Thanks

John

--- 帖子 #1394 ---
As it is a manual system, why not just take the signal you want and drop the others.

Anyway, absolutely no time to mod the last version ...

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #1395 ---
Hey FerruFX, just wondering if you can do me a favor and add a MaxSpread option to your CCFp-Diff_[v2.0] indicator. Since IBFX often has crazy spreads I have my EA set to not open orders with a spread to high. Can you add an option to your indi so that I can set it to not display the pairs above a certain amount of spread? Thank you

Inserted Code extern int Max_Spread_Allowed = 11;

if (StringLen(Symbol()) == 7){AddChar = StringSubstr(Symbol(), 6, 1);}

int    spreadEURUSD=MarketInfo("EURUSD" + AddChar,MODE_SPREAD);
int    spreadCHFJPY=MarketInfo("CHFJPY" + AddChar,MODE_SPREAD);
int    spreadUSDJPY=MarketInfo("USDJPY" + AddChar,MODE_SPREAD);
int    spreadGBPUSD=MarketInfo("GBPUSD" + AddChar,MODE_SPREAD);
int    spreadUSDCHF=MarketInfo("USDCHF" + AddChar,MODE_SPREAD);
int    spreadUSDCAD=MarketInfo("USDCAD" + AddChar,MODE_SPREAD);
int    spreadAUDUSD=MarketInfo("AUDUSD" + AddChar,MODE_SPREAD);
int    spreadNZDUSD=MarketInfo("NZDUSD" + AddChar,MODE_SPREAD);
int    spreadEURGBP=MarketInfo("EURGBP" + AddChar,MODE_SPREAD);
int    spreadEURJPY=MarketInfo("EURJPY" + AddChar,MODE_SPREAD);
int    spreadEURCHF=MarketInfo("EURCHF" + AddChar,MODE_SPREAD);
int    spreadGBPJPY=MarketInfo("GBPJPY" + AddChar,MODE_SPREAD);
int    spreadGBPCHF=MarketInfo("GBPCHF" + AddChar,MODE_SPREAD);
int    spreadAUDJPY=MarketInfo("AUDJPY" + AddChar,MODE_SPREAD);
int    spreadEURCAD=MarketInfo("EURCAD" + AddChar,MODE_SPREAD);
int    spreadEURAUD=MarketInfo("EURAUD" + AddChar,MODE_SPREAD);
int    spreadAUDCAD=MarketInfo("AUDCAD" + AddChar,MODE_SPREAD);
int    spreadAUDNZD=MarketInfo("AUDNZD" + AddChar,MODE_SPREAD);
int    spreadNZDJPY=MarketInfo("NZDJPY" + AddChar,MODE_SPREAD);
int    spreadAUDCHF=MarketInfo("AUDCHF" + AddChar,MODE_SPREAD);
int    spreadEURNZD=MarketInfo("EURNZD" + AddChar,MODE_SPREAD);
int    spreadGBPNZD=MarketInfo("GBPNZD" + AddChar,MODE_SPREAD);
int    spreadNZDCHF=MarketInfo("NZDCHF" + AddChar,MODE_SPREAD);
int    spreadGBPCAD=MarketInfo("GBPCAD" + AddChar,MODE_SPREAD);
int    spreadCADJPY=MarketInfo("CADJPY" + AddChar,MODE_SPREAD);
int    spreadCADCHF=MarketInfo("CADCHF" + AddChar,MODE_SPREAD);
int    spreadGBPAUD=MarketInfo("GBPAUD" + AddChar,MODE_SPREAD);
int    spreadNZDCAD=MarketInfo("NZDCAD" + AddChar,MODE_SPREAD);

--- 帖子 #1396 ---
Sorry but I am really busy and don't have time to make a new release.

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #1397 ---
Hi guyz, nice work!.  plz, can u explain what this relative strenght means and  how 2 apply it?  tnx

--- 帖子 #1398 ---
Hi guyz, nice work!. plz, can u explain what this relative strenght means and how 2 apply it? tnx

--- 帖子 #1399 ---
I think the best you can do is to read the whole thread. A lot of info and you'll sure be answered for most of your questions.

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #1400 ---
Can anyone tell me why the software does not show the pair gpb/usd.

--- 帖子 #1401 ---
Which indicator do you talk about ?

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #1402 ---
Hi FerruFX,

It is the ccFp-Diff [v2.0]

On some charts it only displays 5 pairs and on another chart it will display 10/12 pairs.

--- 帖子 #1403 ---
It depends on the TFs you attached the indy.

Do you have screen shots to show these differences ?

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #1404 ---
I don't see the tab to upload the pic but I currently have the indicator on the 30 min time frame and it is only showing one pair.

--- 帖子 #1405 ---
If it doesn't show others pairs, it's because there's only one pair to trade currently according to your settings.

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #1406 ---
Thanks for your  indicator.i quite appreciate the time and effort used in developing it.I just want to ask if an alert option to notify us when a new currency pair suggestion can be made in the indicator CCFp-Diff_[v2.0].Many Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1407 ---
Thanks Beyo45 for your interest.

Right now I don't have time to code any new release. I am exclusively focused on coding for my clients.

Thank you for your understanding.

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #1408 ---
Ferru, you explain for me, how to using your indicator

--- 帖子 #1409 ---
I just use CCFp-Diff_[v1.04].ex4  for my indy,

and then i traded follow that suggestion,

But result are BAD !!

trade 2 session 4H  ---> result lose -200 and -300 pips

My setting fast=1 / slow=2 / trade level=1

What is the mistake for me ???

--- 帖子 #1410 ---
hi friends i been trading using ccfp for 7 month .

This is a great INDICATOR I EVER SEEN.

Why is it become so worth for me.

Im using system elliot

- of course its along way to understand to adapt this terminology real trade.

But with this ccfp indicator my forecast grow as 70% accurate.

system : elliot wave

indicator ; ccfp

--- 帖子 #1411 ---
I guess everyone has found a way to trade this concept successfully and there is little to be gained in further discussion. It has been a long but interesting read and I have learned heaps. Thanks to all of the great contributions by ES Trader and his supporting "cast".

There are often suggestions that while using an EA, we apply another EA such as Steve H's Management EA. Can anyone explain to me how this can be done. It is my understanding of MT4 that only one EA can be loaded at any one time. I have Googled and searched a number of forums for an answer to this problem but I have not had any satisfaction. Therefore, if anyone can help, I would be most appreciative. Not just for this thread but generally - it would often be helpful.

Thanks

Karl

--- 帖子 #1412 ---
Karl, follow the link in my signature to get hold of mptm and the user guide.

Relative strength/basket trading is alive and well in a variety of forms. Some of the most promising are to be found by following the second link in my sig.

--- 帖子 #1413 ---
Thanks Steve - I am well aware of the continuing interest in basket trading and I have been following your posts and those of KG and Scooby since they began. I don't post often as I think that if I have nothing to contribute, I should not take space on the page!

I have your MTPM and use it with gratitude. It is brilliant but I did not know it could be attached to a chart already using another EA. I will go back to the user guide with interest.

Thanks for all of your incredible work. Its folk like FerruFX, Ronald Raygun, and other programmers who give so freely of their time for the benefit of others that make this trading world and specifically our valued forums, so valuable and interesting. A heartfelt thanks to all of these great people.

--- 帖子 #1414 ---
Sorry, I completely misunderstood your post. I think I see what you were asking now, so I will try again.

You cannot run more than one ea on an individual chart.

You can run as many ea's as you want on each platform; all you do is load each ea onto an new chart.

Therefore, you are using x robot to trade x rs basket trading system, and want mptm to manage certain aspects of the trades.

You load up another chart specifically for hosting the management ea - gj is the best because of its high tick volume. Load the management ea onto this chart and make your settings accordingly.

In addition, use the attached to make sure your management chart receives regular ticks that are not dependant on a tick from your broker.

Have fun.

--- 帖子 #1415 ---
Steve

I have re-read the pdf on MPTM but I am uncertain of one thing. You have confirmed that I cannot run more than one EA on any one chart - which was my understanding with MT4.

If I have say 2 or more charts open running an EA - like RRs EA on each chart, to use the MPTM should I open another chart and apply the MPTM EA to it and then set it to manage the trades of all the other charts and orders which emanate from those charts? (Hope that does not confuse!!)

Thanks again, mate. I appreciate your help.

Karl

--- 帖子 #1416 ---
Sorry Steve - your last reply answered my question perfectly well and I had not read it properly. I'm getting too old I guess and it takes longer these days to sink in!! Ignore my last post.

K

--- 帖子 #1417 ---
I know the feeling only too well. Hey ho.

On a different note, I am glad these old threads are still alive. I gained so much from them and am happy to see others continuing to gain from them.

Truth to tell, my own successful live trading is based mostly on Fibs, but even this arises from a distillation of all the experiences I have gained in three years of trading, studying and coding. Rs basket trading is a part of this.

I think I am seeing my way forward. I hope you can find yours.If you have already found it, I love the thought that mptm can play a part. You have no idea what a thrill I enjoy when I hear of yet another use/adaptation of this robot.

--- 帖子 #1418 ---
It's been a while since anyone post in any threads related to relative strength.

Is anyone using still this indicator?

I will start a new thread trying to capture indicators and systems, everyone is welcome to post there.

--- 帖子 #1419 ---
Hello Sir Hopwood:
This was Idi was brought to my attention in another thread.  happy to see you are aware of it from moons before.  Spent the weekend with it (best time as market is off).  Have a better understanding of how it works and what  FerruFx intended.

I am seeking to get a copy of the ".mq4" code for the version you have shareed, of  CCFp-Diff_[v2.0].ex4.  If you or anyone of the FF members have a copy of CCFp-Diff_[v2.0].mq4, kindly share.

Checkd on the posts by FerruFx and did not find the ".mq4", and based on the dates of his post the ones loaded may not be the latest.

It is really nifty and it will reatly assit with multiple Time Frame trading/referencuing when combined in a dasboard as seen on :   http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...67#post3927267

This is all dependent on the ability to freely use different combinations of the three MA's used.  I have an idea regarding the three MA cross used as is.   Currently we are using the CCFP=>MA_method = 3 (three MA Cross;   CCFp-Diff=>Price=6 the Longest of the three;   CCFp-Diff=>Fast=3 the Shortest of the three;  CCFp-Diff=>Slow =5  the Middle of the three MA's in the cross.
Unfortunately in the MA settings you can change anyone of the settings except the Price value.   It only works with values of 6 and below.  Now with a copy of the ".mq4" file that could be changed?  With Judicious use of the CCFp-Diff=>Trade_Level = 1  (may use 0,1,2, 3 to filter out the moise or the nuisance trades during sideways/consolidated/ranging market coditios)

Let me know please, probably FerruFx can help?

Bless!

--- 帖子 #1420 ---
I do not think FerruFx usually releases source code. Your best bet is probably to send him a pm and see if he will share it privately.

--- 帖子 #1421 ---
Sorry but like Steve said, I don't share the source code of this tool.

All the best.

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #1422 ---
As Always Sir,
your advice is most appreciated.  Will do so.  Frankly speaking, I just need to use the following :
(1) Price = 8 (2) Price = 21.

The net desire is to have the ability to change the “Price” settings to values higher than 6.  With that done I'll be well on my way.  The other two “Fast” and “Slow”  seems unrestricted.

Next I can train the Indi to approximate how I draw trend lines, hence determine Trends (Buy/Sell zones) on the different T/F.  When it comes close to that those settings will be the ones I use.  Strictly speaking, it may be best to fit the set of three MAs based on T/F.  For instance : Common moving average periods: 4 period/ 9 period/ 18 period (common intra day use);  20 period/ 50 period/ 200 period (common daily use).  That’s one of the thoughts.  Higher T/F use larger MA’s as their waves are larger, and Smaller T/F use smaller averages.  Coupled with the Trading_Level settings (0-10) we can cater for the fact that Moving averages do well in trending markets but they generate many false signals in choppy, sideways markets.

But I don't know what was the entire philosophy behind it (the ES system).  All I know the forgoing is my most pressing need.  That way, at a Glance I can see which pairs of interest are say in the same Direction from say H4, H1 & M15.  Then I take the best entry available on M5 or M1.  At this stage I really need my trades to be wrapped up in a couple of days, at most a week.  Call it day Swing trading if you will.

Whatever comes of this request to FerruFx I'll most definitely share. So please pray me up.

Bless!

--- 帖子 #1423 ---
Good day All kindly have a read (below) and hope something within helps. i certainly benefited.

Bless!

************Start *************

Correspondences with FerruFx on the CCFp-Diff_[v2.0] indicator
Well!! Thank you Most Kindly
This brings much happiness. May I have your permission to share the meanins of the settings? It may be that I had a slight mis understanding of the workings of the indicator.

I am now correct insaying thta it (CCFp-Diff) uses three MA's the price (normally represented by the Slowest of the three), Fast is the shortest of the Three And CCFp-Diff Slow (the Middle period of the three MAz?

or is it that it use a two ma Cross and at the time of the two crosses it take the value of the price ther for a third input?
Your answer her will be even more valuable us, than you can guess.

This information on intended settings is most valuable information and will most likely help others. In fact even if you simply copy them back to the thread that would be most informative.

Bless you in all your good endeavours.

Bless! [08Aug10@10:10 am]

No this isn't a 2 MAs cross. If you use the MAs instead of the price, the strength calculation will take the MAs values instead of the price value.

There's 2 MAs (fast and slow are the periods of the 2 MAs).

MAmethod is :
Quote:
MODE_SMA 0 Simple moving average,
MODE_EMA 1 Exponential moving average,
MODE_SMMA 2 Smoothed moving average,
MODE_LWMA 3 Linear weighted moving average.

All these MAs settings are the usual settings like when you apply an MA on your chart.

Of course you can share all this on the thread.

Hope that will help in your understanding.

Best regards,
FerruFx

Good day again FerruFx :,
Thank you for your prompt response amidst your busy coding schedule. I will try to make this one as short and fruitful as possible so you can return to your main business.
1. Is the setting MA-Method to be left at three then?

2. Could you share the settings you use with the CCFp-Diff? Possibly the profile you use in your current dashboard, or simply save the current window you have it installed on, as template file and e-mail to myemailaddress? Thanks.

3. Do you know of a fellow coder from FF here named Yan Lee (aka Lee yan)? if so can you help me contact him please?

Thanks much and this is most definitely good marks, I hope I will be able to bring you some business some day. At the moment I am writing down the requirements for a small control EA, for management of my account while I trade specifically. I cannot Code but I can trade, not quite profitable yet but I praying that I'll get there this year. With the help and understanding you have brought to your CCFp-Diff, I'll get there sooner. So I’ll bear our generosity in mind when it’s time to build the EA. Praise the Lord For you. Could you send me a link to some of your work or if you have a brochure of sorts?

Finally! What Does CCFp or CCFp-Diff stand for or mean?

I will share the salient points from these correspondences and thank you or your continued generosity. Please prosper and have the Health, Wisdom, Knowledge & Understanding to enjoy them all. In Jesus' Name! Hallelujah! Please, if it is your will, Lord, make it so (for him).

Blesss! [08Aug10@11:05 am]

[/quote]1. The MA method can be set to any of this 4 numbers (0 to 3).

2. You must find your own settings according to your trading style/risk. Anyway, I am not currently trading. Coding for my clients takes all my time (18hrs per day 7/7).

3. I don't know Yan Lee.

About others works I did, feel free to visit my website ( http://www.ervent.net )

All the best.

FerruFx [/quote] [08Aug10@11:38 am]

Thank you for your speedy responses amidst your tight work Schedule.

My Q's are mostly answered so as you had consented for the contents to be shared, in the interest of time, I'll copy and paste there.

It is my fervent hope that the Credits will fall where they have dewed!

It would be nice (even profitable) to have the current users collaborate and share settings via template settings files, to share their experiences with this tool.

In so doing, we may all unearth potential not even the author envisaged. Let’s Begin then? On with the sharing

Bless! [08Aug10@11:46 am]

*********************************End *****************

--- 帖子 #1424 ---
Hope that will help you to make some great pips.

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #1425 ---
Good day FerruFx:

I most certainly hope so too.  This is a follow-up on my invitation for persons who have been using this facility for some time now, to collaborate and let is find settings that are profitable, even share how they have been putting the CCFp-Diff_[v2.0].ex4 to use.

In particular Sir Hopwood and Azlan80 come readily to mind.  I trust their other projects will allow them I will do what i can and if I leave the tracj by too much, do correct my waywardness.

As a summary here is my new understanding of how the facility works:
These are the settings of interest in tweaking:

1. Ma-Method [0 to 3 are the possible options] - default 3, LWMA
2. Price settings [0 to 6 setting options available] - default 3, Weighted Closed price
3. Trade_level [0 to 10 are the possible options, 1 & 2 are popular, even seen 3.  Note this is a noise filter for sideways markets.  In my settings, level 1 will be common throughout.
4. Fast (smaller of two) Settings (User defined.. that has been varied in my settings, see template file attached)
5. Slow (Larger of two MA) Settings (User defined.. that has been varied in my settings, see template file attached)

For some templates I have seen people have opted to keep/apply all the above settings as the same for their chosen T/F, while varying the Pairs activated.

I have chosen and varied them  (settings mentioned above) as shown/Attached while keeping the Group of currencies common for all T/F.
6.  The pairs in use.  There are 28 available so do choose yours.  For a common ground, it would be nice for persons to share a group.  But preferences will emerge as have mine, seen in the setting file, simple select true or false to activate selected pairs.

8.  Finally I have attached the copy of CCFp-Diff_[v2.0].ex4, that I have been using, along with the template file I will be testing for the purposes of this thread.

It is hoped that we will all benefit.  Do Share.  Thank you’s, to all who have helped so far.  It would also help if we could get a couple sentences on what the EA/Indicator was created for.

Cars were created for driving.  They have been driven as Rally Cars, Drags, Taxis etc, all still a cars.  I trust that our uses herein can converge on Profit for all.

It's late I know butt.. Still off with me.. to Church.

Bless!

--- 帖子 #1426 ---
Hello all,
have loaded another template file as M5 & M1 had the same Slow &Fast settings.  Changed M5.

In the event some one wonders how indi is used/loaded
Load to CCFp to MT4.0 Expertsindicator folder
Load  the oher file (the template) into the ExpertsTemplate folder

(a) Load Indicator to a blank chart for Single T/F viewing per chart. Add the indicator (to same chart) as many times as you wish, matching the desired T/F.  Note that if more than  1 window/TF is used on a given chart, one must set the window number to a unique  number.  For example in a three window/TF: 1, 2, 3 could be used as the unique number to identify each.  You can build your own template from scratch, this way but it consumes time.  Alternatively one could use the attached template a springboard.

(b) Load Template to a blank chart and that will show multiple T/F +> dashboard of sorts.

Again, hoped someone is helped; the updated ".tpl" file is attached.

Bless!

--- 帖子 #1427 ---
please where i can found this indicator?

Suggestion for 240 mins trade level set to 1.

Bar end

sell

buy

sell

et,etc.....

--- 帖子 #1428 ---
Hello All,
these are the CCFp-Diff Views of my Dashboard, at 20 minutes after London  has opened, about 5 hours after last Adjustment.

Some help in interpreting what is here.   For those who have had experience using the indicator, how can I use the data presented here, what trades would be supported here?

In my mind I'd be seeing to take 60 minutes(H1) set ups on the 15 minutes(M15) or lower T/F.  Is it that we wait for a given pair to say buy on 240 minutes(H4), 60 minutes(H1), & 15 minutes (M15) then when either 5  minutes(M5) or 1 minute(M1) also says buy (on that currency pair) I buy, staying in until  the pair changes on 60 minutes(H1) to a Sell?

How would you trade it (Sir Hopwood; Azlan80), any suggestion are most welcome.

If I can get a shoe in then I try to work the rest of the foot.  Jump start myself even?

Bless!

--- 帖子 #1429 ---
Good day All,
in the interim how about, using a pair on a given T/F, manually determine trend and possible trade and compare that with what the Settings, Suggest?

After sufficient iterations, God's will we should get the Indicator to approximate what is the consensus on that pair for that T/F.

I will try the JPY H1 as attached (with my settings).  The previous CCFp-Diff suggestions were taken at the London’s opening.  The two attached were taken after the Closure of Frankfurt.

Let’s hope this can help the process for informed discourse and cooperation in this regard.

For the JPY, it is seen to be at a major Down Trend Low, undergoing a retracement to find a C, so at the time of the shots, JPY H1 would have been in the buy Zone.  That is my manual suggestion.  What did your CCFp-Diff and or your manual prediction?

Over a period, it is hoped that the settings which make the indicator give the same choice as if it were traded manually, is the intention.  With enough participants we should be able to cover the major pairs and T/F. Incidentally, even though the suggestion is for a buy H1 usd-JPY, Note we would  be cautious though, as that retracement move (1 hour Buys) would have been underway for some time and may be spent or heading to consolidation.

Let’s see how this approach goes, then?  Any other suggestion sof help are welcome.

Bless!

--- 帖子 #1430 ---
FerruFX, is there a possibility to add non-standart TFs to the indicator? Like 8hrs 12hrs and so on, it seems rigth now it uses only the ones MT4 has.

Better, yet, is there a possibility to change a code in a way that user can himself define start time/endtime for the indicator to display?

I'm not a programmer myself, but i think this would give the indy a great functionality

Thx and Regards,

snu.

--- 帖子 #1431 ---
No sorry. Only standard TFs can be used for this tool.

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #1432 ---
Hey, sorry to be such a noob.  but I have to ask. Im just having a bit of a problem with an indicator uploaded on this thread a while ago -

CCp_v2-Level_Diff-MTF

double usd=iCustom(Symbol(),30,"CCp_v2-Level_Diff-MTF",1,0,3,6,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,Green,Aqua,Red,Sienna,Maroon,Orange,Purple,Teal,3,15,0,14,15,8,12,3,9,3,5,3,18,6,24,8,16,2,16,4,12,3,30,10,0,0);

Any help would be appreciated

--- 帖子 #1433 ---
Hi, I just downloaded them seem to work ok ?

Please explain what the problem is ?

Regards Davros

--- 帖子 #1434 ---
Hi all -

This is my first post here, and I'd like to first thank LuboLabo for the brilliant work on this indicator, and Skyline for the useful additions to it.

I've been playing around with it for some time, and have added a few more features that seem to be doing a reasonable job of giving buy/sell signals. I compares fairly well with the "Awesome" Oscillator, but doesn't give as many "noisy" signals. See the attached image and MQ4 file.

As the title of this post indicates, I need some help. The only way I've been able to get these to display is to assign them to another currency. I've been using this on AUDJPY, and am using the other currencies as follows:

USD = Difference between currency pairs (AUD - JPY)

EUR = Rate of change of USD (AUD-JPY) between current candle and previous candle (if slowing is set to 1). I seem to get the best results from a slowing setting of about 5 on the daily chart. Another way of thinking of this is simply velocity.

CHF = Rate of change of EUR (rate of change). If you could consider EUR to be velocity, CHF is accelleration. I use it as an "early warning" system, since this will give a change in direction before either USD or EUR.

CAD = Average of USD and CHF. This seems to be a fairly smooth representation of the actual price.

NZD = Hard coded as the 3 candle Moving Average of CAD. I know that this could have been a variable, but the value of 3 seemed like the one that works best.

GBP = Buy or Sell signal. If CAD>NZD, GBP is positive. If CAD<NZD, GBP is negative. The size of the signal is set by the variable "signal". For the daily AUDJPY chart, 0.3 seems to work well. For the 1 minute chart, you will need to use something like 0.005.

I'd like to make this inidicator work on any pair, and use variables instead of hacking this to use currencies to display what I want.

I'm not a real programmer, so feel free to have a good laugh at my efforts here. The closest I could come was that these lines below calls the function sl() to display the data:

if(USD)

{

if ((arrAUDJPY[0]<0 && arrAUDJPY[1]<0) || (arrAUDJPY[0]>0 && arrAUDJPY[1]<0) )

sl("USD",arrAUDJPY[0], arrAUDJPY[1],arrAUDJPY[0]-arrAUDJPY[1],-((arrAUDJPY[0]-arrAUDJPY[1])/arrAUDJPY[1]), "SymbUSD", cur, Color_USD);

else

sl("USD",arrAUDJPY[0], arrAUDJPY[1],arrAUDJPY[0]-arrAUDJPY[1],((arrAUDJPY[0]-arrAUDJPY[1])/arrAUDJPY[1]), "SymbUSD", cur, Color_USD);

cur += st;

}

If anyone could help me to modify this so that it would work on any pair, I'd be most thankful.

Also, if someone could tell me how to add an image to the body of this message, that would be great.  I tried using the "insert image" icon and then the filename as the URL, but just got a big red X.

Cheers,

HackyHack

--- 帖子 #1435 ---
I've sort of solved my own problem, and have this working for any currency pair. As you can see from the image below, the first currency of a pair is always dark blue (EUR in the case of EURUSD), the second currency is always light blue (USD in the case of EURUSD), and the trend, velocity, and acceleration are as shown.

The only problem is that you have to compile it twice every time you attach it to a chart or change time frames.  This means that if you want to change any of the variables, you need to change it in the source code, then compile it (twice).

Any help in getting this to work would be much appreciated!

--- 帖子 #1436 ---
Dear my friends.....

thanks to using my correlation out look using ccfp...

This is my approach....

im suing technical outlook but with fundamental understanding how to intrepeted ccfp

THIS IS THE KEY...

HAVE A USDJPY as a main chart...

this is a queen pair as i look more instantly...

see the flows..HH LL building vice versa.

When u see USDJPY up....

it can be us index stronger..or us index weakening..but usdjpy are respectively going high...

xxxusd (up) so usdjpy up.....

and u can choice to have commodity pair or eur or gbp to follow them.

for example ..

when usdjp up

eur ( indicate by ccfp up)

chf & jpy will under pressure (means eurchf/jpy up)

that's the proper way to use this ccfp. CCFP useless during range so dont play them to pick top and bottom....

look for breakout or...picking or bottom as its widening having momentum..

--- 帖子 #1437 ---
used usjpy as direction...

people looking it to measure....risk appetite or risk aversion...

pair to look...

au  nu ( commodity pair )

eu gu ( major pair )

ej gj cadjpy nj aj...

and chf almost perfectly follow jpy weakness or when srong.

some times u have commodity follow the direction sometime major..

that will be filtered by ccfp...

im using only 1 hour chart...ONLY

Another this is ..

im using EW wave to inteprete pair move...

--- 帖子 #1438 ---
Thanks.  Nice charts and excellent observation !!

--- 帖子 #1439 ---
u need ccfp to get this wave move....

--- 帖子 #1440 ---
Hi

Can CCFP, be calculated in Excel or is it just in metatrader?

Thanks

mehul

--- 帖子 #1441 ---
Hey good guys..do you know any EA working with the Relative strenght plus martingale ....

This concept of "Stoch power EA" but with martingale would be very interesting to try..  so the name would be CCFp power..

--- 帖子 #1442 ---
Signing up.

Lenoxer

--- 帖子 #1443 ---
i would like to share CCFP / angle separation / 1-2-3 pattern - i just my obseravtion to find a great tuning to find an entry . what we need is patient

--- 帖子 #1444 ---
another sample...

--- 帖子 #1445 ---
audcad  ... dont push the chart to work as u want..but understand what he want to do..market tkae charge u a deserve to follow

--- 帖子 #1446 ---
another ccy

--- 帖子 #1447 ---
just a chances to take...not the techincal fail to develop...emotion says " not this time" - never says "the system was wrong"

--- 帖子 #1448 ---
ill would like to see how this chart react on monday..just my 2 centss

--- 帖子 #1449 ---
gbp .... vs jpy / cad / usd

eurgbp ( 1-2-3) pattern breakout to down side.. but angle separation and RSI zone doesnt met

( 1-2-3) pattern breakout to down side.. but angle separation and RSI zone doesnt met

--- 帖子 #1450 ---
hello sir,

I like where your heads at sir ... i just started studying relative strength systems a few weeks ago and i have been using the ccfp in a similar way...

--- 帖子 #1451 ---
is there and indicator out there that displays the currencies distance from one another on the CCfp

what i have in mind is a heat map of sorts ... a chart more or less

--- 帖子 #1452 ---
Hi all guys!

This thread is awesome, I just read up to here! I had one question, I would trade only EURUSD / USDCHF, these couples are still going against each other. I hope you understand me, I hope someone advise me how to do it, I knew where I could turn to enter the position of Buy / Sell.

Sorry for my English, I'm from the Czech Republic.

thanks

--- 帖子 #1453 ---
paradoxical. Are you still using this system? Is possible you can attach your chart and default settings? Chart is on post #49. Much thanks.

--- 帖子 #1454 ---
Setting option below :

Use Current : false "(default)"

When we set FALSE OR set TRUE ?  Are there CCFp-diff (v2.0) who understand ??? Please give me any suggestion...

--- 帖子 #1455 ---
What happen to this thread? there are no update anymore? Which indicator is still using ? thanks for reply

--- 帖子 #1456 ---
Have anyone got ccfp with alert? I thought it is a powerful indicator and gonna be useful for everyone. If someone can share. It would be great.

Thanks in advance.

--- 帖子 #1457 ---
Hi Ferru i know its been kinda long since this thread was active...but i highly admire what u've done

i have an idea to 'solve' strength and which currency to pay attention to.....here we go
Weekly Cycle basing on the rate change of CCFp.

A currency is over bought if it is the strongest when the week starts taking- position:  (1).

during the course of the week, should it fall from first place to third place    - position:  (3)

then we can confirm that the currency is yet to keep falling/weakening and

we can get ready to SELL it Vs any other currency showing strength.

However sometimes a currency can lose its strongest position on friday and

we can still look at this as a valid signal into the next week should it drop to 3rd

place in the new week..this can be caused by Fandumentals curried foward

to the next week puting the currency under more pressure.

The reverse is true(weakest currency moves from last place to third last indicates

more strength is yet to come)

To make it simple and visible the CCF-Diff-FerruFx indicator can have an UP arrow if a currency moves from last down to third last to indicate a change in momentum Bullish for that case NZD this week has turned Bullsh from being over sold....

the strategy is very promising as ive back tested and seen excellent results.......

Im thinking adding that little arrow to the CCF Diff-ferrufx indi could be of use

thanx

--- 帖子 #1458 ---
i don't get into all that...what i do know is that yeah cycles exist.   so if you are saying the currency that turns around on one end  versus the currency that turns around on the other end is a good signal..then yeah.  I'd have to agree with that.

@ ferru or coders

can we please have an alert for that on the latest version

TYIA

--- 帖子 #1459 ---
Thank you very much FerruFx. Here is my result, trying out this indicator for the 1st time:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I've included my set of sl and tp using another tool. However, the trade is taken manually based on CCFp-Diff MTF by mr FerruFx.

Thank you again.

--- 帖子 #1460 ---
hey red what whas the manual criteria that you used... from last postion to second to last position and vice versa?

--- 帖子 #1461 ---
Helllo dagoods.. Here is my setting..

Attached Image

Trade well!

--- 帖子 #1462 ---
Here is my updated results for 25.08.2015..

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I am working on optimizing my sl and tp right now. Will need more time testing this incredible tool!

I would like to convey my thanks to EStrader and FerruFx especially for bringing up the idea for this beautiful creation. Thank you!

--- 帖子 #1463 ---
Hello. This is another  indicator for 1hr which had been modifed by my self.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1464 ---
Change the property show_all to false, it will show 2 line of the current currency.

--- 帖子 #1465 ---
Good work,but please may i ask on what time frame would one place the indicator,secondly do you take the trade based on the alert given by the  CCFp-Diff MTF please help out what and what do you consider before entering the trade and lastly,when exactly should i start entring the trades thanks

--- 帖子 #1466 ---
sorry if i may ask ,what criteria do we look to enter the trade?

--- 帖子 #1467 ---
Read the first thread Post 2498.

I took the trade 'only' refering to CCFp-Diff MTF/CC-Diff MTF. i did not look at charts at all. I guess, the market is in the trending mode at that time (and a bit of luck?).

The conditions involved is m15/h1/h4 is in agreement.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Please take note too on trading time (london session only), Day of trades taken (those were taken tuesday till thursday).

I don't pay any attention to the news announcement back then (i'm new to forex at the moment).

read the first thread. Many discreet findings were there (especially in my posts). Not much time to do all the long & lengthy explanations.

Hope you get it too.

--- 帖子 #1468 ---
Hi, i traied playing only with signal CCFp-Diff MTF/CC-Diff MTF with dashboard for some time. I use 15 30 240, or 15 60 240 there are many good signals but the main problem is menage of trade. Also time of playing is very importatn. I think the best time is to play at start london to smth around 3 hours after closing london but we still have US session. Until now im taking smth break even. The main problem is TP/Sl/Trailing. Do you have any good settings for this ? ohh and there is still signal form ccfp or cc mtf. Do you enter evry signal or do you have some kind of way to chose good one? For me it is little porblematic only form dash board and i should check chart but time of eneter is important and the circle is closing

I m curious about your settings and ideas

Sorry for my English.

--- 帖子 #1469 ---
1. With dashboard. Which dashboard are you referring to?

2. Many good signals. Great to hear that CCFp-Diff MTF & CC-Diff MTF worked well for you.

3. Manage of trade? From your explanations, i understand that you already know that: London and US session is the best choice.

4. The main problem is TP/Sl/Trailing: i think this depend on each trader's personality.

A simple solution for this is - Wait for CCFp, CC-Diff MTF signals to come out. Check present chart with every recommendation. If the signal came out pretty early in the trend, take the trade. If the trade is a bit late (the market already trending for quite sometime), it might be wise to avoid the recommendation.

5. Do you enter evry signal or do you have some kind of way to chose good one?

I think this will multiply risk, especially if the account is too small. Remember: we're playing with wild spreads from all pairs available from our broker. So, one position per pair should be enough.

If you want to take the trade, SL would be recent swing high/low.

That's what i'm experimenting right now, great to see new interest around here...

--- 帖子 #1470 ---
THANKS I REALLY APPRECIATE. finally,do we need to put into confederation,any news release, i believe it may affect trades placed at that time or what is your take on this

--- 帖子 #1471 ---
thanks for the explanation ,can you please post me the exact indicator? CCFp-Diff MTF/CC-Diff MTF

--- 帖子 #1472 ---
At what time does the indicator give the signal,and on which timeframe must it be placed?

--- 帖子 #1473 ---
This is a GOOD semi-scalping system. Be sure that you're aware of any news announcement coming. In fact, i guess the best tf to go with is m15/m30 or m15/m30/h1. If you choose m15/m30, then you obviously doesn't care about LAST 1 hour trend. If you choose m15/m30/h1, then you're on the same trend as H1.

I can't exactly say which one is better, as i'm also currently learning from this signals.

The only rule up until now is - NEVER choose lower tf than m15. The spreads are pretty big in exotic pairs especially GN. M5 movement will not enough to cover the spread + more stress to handle 28 pairs each 5 minutes! Another reason is: Just in case of any unexpected news, you'll less likely caught in a sudden whipsaw.

Read my post in the first thread click here.

The indicator gives signal only after the bar closed/complete. You can change to current bar if you want to.

Attached Image     If you choose m15/h4, the signal will come out every completed m15 bar. If you choose m1/h4, the signal will come out every completed m1 bar. If you choose m5/h1/h4, the signal will come out every completed m5 bar.

If you choose current bar setting, you will get signal every time the current bar/current price give signal.

If you asked me, i'm using the default (closed bar). Already explained here. I've never set my indicators True to Use.Current up until now.

Any timeframe have no effect on the indicators. Look carefully: the indicator first posted by FerruFX in 2008, it's still relevant and in a good shape until now. Use them until you find your perfect combo...

If you want to read my posts regarding CC/CCFp-related, please start here. I'm recently being too obsessed with them.  Might be considering to open a new thread to gather my findings one day....

--- 帖子 #1474 ---
thanks, but i discover that sometimes when the ccfp mtf gives sidnal.it sometime dissapaper.why?

--- 帖子 #1475 ---
why do  CCFp-Diff MTF/CC-Diff MTF sometimes disapear after given signal.does it mean the signal is not valid,i noticed it gave me a buy on AUDJPY and after some minutes it disapear

--- 帖子 #1476 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In my example: after the 'refreshing process done' appears on the screen, the signal would not change for another 15 minutes. The indicators need time to calculate all 8 currencies MA for the signal..

--- 帖子 #1477 ---
Thank you so much redwed,if i get you right i will only take a signal after the refreshing is done,also what trade level is best in your own opinion?

--- 帖子 #1478 ---
1.how do i generate a blank screen like the one above,the screen without any chart,so i can place the indicator,so as to see it clearly

This are my settings 15M,1HR and 4HRS TRADE LEVEL 1 and USE CURRENT IS FALSE, am i right? or what setting is best.

3.how long do i need to wait for after the signals are generated before entering the trade to reduce draw down

4.does it matter if i put some currency to be FALSE as some of them have high spread

This are my settings 15M,1HR and 4HRS TRADE LEVEL 1 and USE CURRENT IS FALSE, am i right? or what setting is best

thanks in anticipation of the reply

--- 帖子 #1479 ---
Trade level doesn't matter much if you put it in MTF perspective.. I put 1, and it's fine for me.

Blank screen? Already explained it in this post.

Whichever setting is fine. You just need to choose, what is the best for you. Spend some time to conclude your findings. For the time being, i'm writing my short findings in another language. Have no time to translate them in English currently.

To reduce drawdown, please read my earlier post. The most essential part for me in avoiding drawdown risk is magnify tf to took trades.

For example, if you're trading 4h chart: NEVER took trades based only on 4h chart signal. You must magnify into lower tf to assist the best low risk entries..

False/True for Use.Current problem. Leave it to false. If you set it to true, maybe the signal will change anytime according to the price change on the chart. You need to monitor your chart all the time...

--- 帖子 #1480 ---
[Quote = redwed; 8455759] {quote} Grazie mille FerruFx. Ecco il mio risultato, provare questo indicatore per la 1a volta: {image} {image} Ho incluso il mio set di sl e tp utilizzando un altro strumento. Tuttavia, il commercio è preso manualmente sulla base di CCPF-Diff MTF da mr FerruFx. Grazie ancora. [/ Quote]

I can not make it work this indicator, it has expired?

--- 帖子 #1481 ---
hello, how do you put 3-4 CCP-00 diff indicators (v2.0), on the same graph?

--- 帖子 #1482 ---
[Quote = paradossale; 2286488] molto felice di vedere filo ES Traders reintrodotto, e molte grazie a lui per introdurla. Inoltre, FreeuFx per la sua grande indicatore. Per quel che vale, ecco la mia messa a punto corrente. Sto cercando i commerci che corrispondono dal basso di 4 ore. Cerchi scalpi sul giù un'ora. Questo è un seguente sistema tendenza. Certo, inversioni accadrà. Ma, nessun sistema è 100%. Rimango fuori quando è mosso. Non ho TP specifico di SL ancora. Testare strategie diverse. Ma, mi piace questo sistema, e FerruFx ha reso molto facile vedere la tendenza. {Image} [/ quote]

HOW TO MAKE A DIFFERENT INDICATORS TO PUT ON THE SAME GRAPH

--- 帖子 #1483 ---
Sad to see nobody talks anymore about the popular Ccfp-diff and all its multiple useful features

Wish there was a "Trading System Using Relative Strength-Part 3"

--- 帖子 #1484 ---
.

--- 帖子 #1485 ---
Okay das ist sehr gut !

Wonder if that Ea who was being developed about CCfp-diff mtf is still around now_

I have seen xmess made one but that starts from Monday and has certain conditions

--- 帖子 #1486 ---
Has anyone CCFp-Diff_[v2.0] as mq4 file?

--- 帖子 #1487 ---
I am seeking to get a copy of the ".mq4" code for the version you have shareed, of CCFp-Diff_[v2.0].ex4. If you or anyone of the FF members have a copy of CCFp-Diff_[v2.0].mq4, kindly share.
https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...=3929936#reply

FerruFx

Sorry but like Steve said, I don't share the source code of this tool.

All the best.

FerruFx

--- 帖子 #1488 ---
No problem jenbols...I ll do it like eggs sunny side up!

--- 帖子 #1489 ---
Hi,

Does anyone still trades this?

--- 帖子 #1490 ---
Go here https://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=635569

It is still being used.

--- 帖子 #1491 ---
This is a complete other system....just read ES_Traders strategy!

The ES_Traders party will go on here:
https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...=1#post9764287

--- 帖子 #1492 ---
FerruFx

Could you please add prefix and suffix option into CCfp-Diff_[v2.0]?

I have attached indicator but no anything show because my broker contain .-jpy as suffix for example EURUSD.-jpy

Thank in advancde

--- 帖子 #1493 ---
Hi everybody.

Sorry about some stupid question.

From the FerruFx's Indicator CCFp-Diff , I see people talking about TF , Level , Use Current or Use MA, but don't taking about Histogram.

Could you please explain about Histogram is working.

Thank you very much.

--- 帖子 #1494 ---
FerruFX's indicator CCfp-Diff_[v2.0]....how long does it take to refresh? Every 5 min,30 min???

thanks for any help.

thjw

--- 帖子 #1495 ---
Hi everyone,

I could not make it work, put everything by default, I have the indicators and EA in the corresponding folder.

Still working?

I can not do the backtest either

--- 帖子 #1496 ---
Hi FerruFx

Is it possible to add Strength Mode = candle Heiken Ashi for CCFP Diff?

--- 帖子 #1497 ---
Hi FerruFx

Why does indicator CCFP index JPY display green?


===== 附件下载链接 =====

Attachment: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/158528
CCFp-Diff_[v1.03_current].ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/158576?d=1224211648
CCFp-Diff_[v1.03].ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/158581?d=1224212823
Parabolic_trendchaser.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/158582?d=1224212823
#Signal_Bars_v6.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/158583?d=1224212896
Sequencer_v1_2.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/158584?d=1224212896
CloseAtEquityAmount v1.0.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/158589?d=1224213274
CloseTrades_After_Account_Loss_TooMuch.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/158668?d=1224235215
#Signal_Bars_v6.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/158684?d=1224237067
4 TF HAS Bar.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/158685?d=1224237089
4 TF HAS Bar2.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/158686?d=1224237089
CCFp.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/158748?d=1224247968
CCp.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/158804?d=1224253874
CFP.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/158805?d=1224253874
CCFp-Diff_[v1.03].ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/158832?d=1224257458
Shiva_FerruFx RS Template.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/158952?d=1224325036
#Signal_Bars_v6.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/158971?d=1224341156
CCFp-Diff_[v1.04].ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/158976?d=1224343301
rs h4 close=true trade setup.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/159117?d=1224429917
Time_periodseparator_Satop.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/159129?d=1224433416
CCFp_OpenSource.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/159137?d=1224435581
!xMeter MODIFIED OPEN SOURCE.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/159139?d=1224436191
daily_open_line.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/159167?d=1224449495
CCFp-Diff_[v1.04_current].ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/159238?d=1224465166
KG Weekly StdDev Regression Channel.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/159337?d=1224492632
CCFp-Diff_[v1.04b_current].ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/159340?d=1224493365
CC_3_5_lwma.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/159721?d=1224560192
CCFp_v1.0.2.current.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/159751?d=1224568656
123system.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/159851?d=1224587637
Statement 64359.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/159895?d=1224594364
CloseAllOrders .mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/160378?d=1224666106
CCFp-Diff_[v1.04-MTF].ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/160381?d=1224666493
Statement 5853671 - David Sabo.txt: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/161103?d=1224787955
Multi pair MACD.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/161157?d=1224795101
Multi pair CCI.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/161158?d=1224795101
2ProtectAccount[2].ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/161565?d=1224857280
Close all open and pending orders.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/161566?d=1224857280
CloseTrades_After_Account_Loss_TooMuch.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/161567?d=1224857305
CloseAtEquityAmount v1.0.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/161568?d=1224857305
CCFp.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/161683?d=1224879754
CCFp EA IBFXm.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/161710?d=1224892869
CCFp EA nonIBFXm.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/161786?d=1224944700
CustomCandle6.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/161855?d=1224973073
CCFp-Diff_[v2.0].ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/161899?d=1225007847
CCFp-Diff_[v2.0-MTF].ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/161900?d=1225007868
complex.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/162151?d=1225098017
CCFp.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/162196?d=1225105524
CCFp.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/162509?d=1225168366
Relative Strength EA v2.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/162528?d=1225172153
CCFp.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/162546?d=1225174437
CCFp.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/162545?d=1225174190
Index_RSI_MA.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/162817?d=1225222734
ccfp_diff_mtf.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/162892?d=1225232198
Copy of rStrength[1].V.01.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/163270?d=1225302338
rStrength(1).V.04(1)_(version_1).xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/163283?d=1225303810
ccf mtf.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/163502?d=1225351907
CCFp.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/163608?d=1225370632
CCFp.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/163709?d=1225385222
CCFp EA.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/163710?d=1225385222
CCFpEA.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/164385?d=1225556490
Relative Strength EA v2.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/164565?d=1225644867
CCFpEA.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/165027?d=1225730629
CCFp_v1[1].0.2b.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/165179?d=1225754305
CCFp_v1[1].0.2b.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/165180?d=1225754305
CCFp_v1.0.2-level.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/165662?d=1225834846
CCFp_v1.0.2-level_MTF.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/165649?d=1225833323
CCFpEA.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/165575?d=1225818847
CCFp_v1.0.2-level_diff-MTF.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/165653?d=1225833915
_xMeter_mini_Trader_v31.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/165608?d=1225823901
CCFp_v1.0.2-level_MTF.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/165657?d=1225834412
CCFp_v1.0.2-level_diff-MTF.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/165658?d=1225834412
CCFp_v1.0.2-level.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/165661?d=1225834797
CCFp_v1.0.2b.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/165680?d=1225837612
bar_close_alarm_V1.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/165714?d=1225846036
bar_close_alarm_V1.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/165715?d=1225846036
CCFpdv3 EA.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/166257?d=1225931526
CCFpdv3 SD EA.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/166258?d=1225931526
CCFpdv3.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/166259?d=1225931533
CCp.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/166528?d=1225974345
CCp_v2-CW-Level_Diff-MTF.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/166529?d=1225974382
CCp_v2-Level_Diff-MTF.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/166530?d=1225974415
CCp_v3_ROC_Diff_MTF.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/167848?d=1226322491
CCFp_v3_ROC_Diff_MTF.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/167847?d=1226322402
CCFp-FR.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/168392?d=1226410605
CCFp-Diff_[v2.0].ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/171314?d=1227013636
Multi purpose trade manager.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/171396?d=1227027078
CCFp-Diff_[v2.0].ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/172112?d=1227136477
CCFp-Diff_[v2.0].ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/180444?d=1228906779
mt4_ticker.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/447454?d=1269641401
CCFp-Diff_[v2.0].ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/521557?d=1281318653
bfx dashboard_CCFp-Diff(08Aug10)G14.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/521558?d=1281318653
bfx dashboard_CCFp-Diff(08Aug10)G14_b.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/521629?d=1281328156
CCp_v3_ROC_Diff_MTF_AUDJPY.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/551854?d=1285741072
CCp_1pair_TVA_1hr.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/567144?d=1288011361
ccfp_4_1hr.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1778584?d=1445580181
ccfp_4_1hr.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1780673?d=1445931902
