===== 帖子内容 =====

--- 帖子 #1 ---
Hi Everyone

Yet another scalping system ,I'm not going to waste anyones time with saying "I'm doing soooo good with this system"

so here are the rules and chart setup

Trade only on 1 mi chart;

1 min chart setup ,please see attach tpl

Also please see 5 min chart tpl attached

On 1 min chart if 10ema crosses over upward or downwards 30 ema high-low

you go short or long

You need to follow on 1 min chart macd and THV TRIX also on 5 min chart follow macd and moving avareges.

This system is only for scalping not for long term trades

additional rules:

going short or long on 1 min chart:

The best format to go short or long is:On 1 min chart if macd turns positove or negative wait for pull back for PA to 30 ema (high or low) and at the same time watch 5 min TRIX,if 5 min TRIX about to cross (down or up) you take your positon.I have attached 2-3 charts showing that have a look at them.

SHORT TERM TREND CHANGES(long or short)

During down trend if 62 goes above 57  ,there will be a trend change or PA is going into a ranging position

During up trend if 62 goes below 57 sma ,there will be a trend change or PA is going into a ranging position.

You got to use both two 1 min chart to take your trade position.For 30 ema chart the rules are the same ,the second 1 min chart with 20,62 and 57 sma is for to identify the trend.

TREND CHANGES FOR LONG TERM:

IF ON 5 MIN CHART 62 EMA GOES BELOW OR ABOVE 57 SMA THAT MEANS TREND MIGHT BE SLOWING OR WILL CHANGE DIRECTION.

IF THAT HAPPENS THAN LOOK 20 EMA ACTION IF 20 EMA CROSS OVER OR ABOVE 1ST 57 SMA THAN LOOK FOR GOOD ENTRY POINTS,AGAIN EITHER SHORT OR LONG.THIS IS VERY IMPORTANT, FOR TREND CHANGES 20 EMA MUST CROSS OVER OR ABOVE 1ST 57 SMA,IN SOME CASES IF 20 EMA CROSSOVER 62 EMA THAT MEANS THE TREND WILL BE SHORT LIVED.

ADDITIONAL INDICATOR:

OPEN ANOTHER 5 MIN CHART ,ADD OBV INDICATOR,ON OBV INDICATOR ADD RSI ,MAKE RSI LINE COLOURLES BUT ADD LEVELS 30,50 AND 70 , KEEP OBV ALWAYS IN BIGGER SCALE (SO THE CHART WON'T BE NEEDED) WE NEED TO HAVE OBV IN BIGGER SCALE SO THAT TREND DIRECTION CAN BE FOLLOWED,IF PRICE GOES UP OR DOWN, OBV MUST FOLLOW THE PA ,OTHERWISE FALSE PRICE ACTION.

UPDATE:

ADD SMC4 SCALPER ON YOUR 5 MIN CHART, NOW THIS SIGNAL ALSO WORKS LIKE, IF YOU SEE ON 1 MIN CHART MACD TURNS POSITIVE OR NEGATIVE LOOK AT YOUR 5 MIN CHART AND IF YOU SEE SMC4 SCALPER ARROWS DOWN OR UP ,LOOK AGAING FOR TRADING OPTIONS, ALWAYS STICK WITH BASIC RULES,THIS INDICATOR WORKS FINE SO FAR WITH THE SYSTEM, LET ME KNOW YOUR THOUGHTS, ALWAYS FOLLOW MACD,ALWAYS, NOT THE ARROWS, OKAY!!!!

ADDITIONAL UPDATE:THE BASIC RULES ARE STAYING AS THEY'RE BUT WE'RE ADDING ONE INDICATOR CALLED VOLTY CHANNEL ON 1 MIN CHART

PLEASE ADD 1 MIN CHART VOLT CHANNEL WITH DEFAULT SETTINGS,ALSO ADD AGAIN 2 MORE VOLTY CHANNELS ON 1 MIN CHART MA LENGHT 100 AND 200(MAKE THE COLOURS OF THESE BLUE DEFAULT COLOUR CHANGE IT TO LIME AND RED DEFAULT COLOUR CHANGE IT TO BLACK

RULES FOR VOLTY CHANNEL:

ON 1 MIN CHART AS YOU KNOW WE'RE WAITING FOR MACD TO TURN POSITIVE OR NEGATIVE ,NOW ,FOR VOLTY CHANNEL (DEFAULT VERSION)YOU MUST WAIT FOR THE BLUE OR RED TO APPEAR BEFORE MACD TURNS POSITIVE/30,10 EMA CROSS,IF MACD TURNS POSITIVE/NEGATIVE BEFORE THE DOTS(RED/BLUE)APPEAR, STAY AWAY FROM THE TREND AND WATCH THE PA ,BUT IF DOTS APPEAR BEFORE MACD AND 30,10 CROSSES ,GET READY TO JUMP IN, AS I'VE SAID OUR BASIC ABIVE RULES STILL THERE, DO NOT SCRAP THEM.

100,200 VOLTY ,FOR THESE ESPECAILLY 200 VOLTY CHANNEL WHENEVER DOT APPEAR AGAIN NEGATIVE /POSITIVE DRAW YOUR HORIZANTO LINE, NOW 8 OF 10 THE RPICE SHOULD COME BACK TO THAT LINE BEFORE IT JUMPS BACK UP, TEST IT,YOU'LL BE VERY HAPPY WITH THE ACTION.100 VOLTY IS THERE TO SHOW US WHETHER THE TREND IS POSITIVE OR NEGATIVE.

PLEASE UPDATE YOUR SYSTEM AND LET ME KNOW YOUR RESULTS, WE'RE GETTING LAST 2-3 WEEKS PERFECT RESULTS,BUT STICK WITH THE RULES AND DO NOT OVER TRADE.

THIS IS A SCALPING SYSTEM ,DO NOT FORGET.

FOR MORE INFO ,PLEASE VISIT MY WEBSITE.

JUST GOOGLE TRENDMAN AND MY SITE WILL COME UP.

--- 帖子 #2 ---
Can you Please post an image and what you have explained. I'm very interested in this scalping technique.  Thanks for your contribution...

--- 帖子 #3 ---
Wow man some people are so touchy...that guy from the other thread....lol

--- 帖子 #4 ---
I'm very touchy man..))

I have  a big respect for COBRA .

--- 帖子 #5 ---
One of the most importat rule is as soon as the 10 cuts through both 30emas

I always wait for a pull back , this way I confirm the down or upwadr trend

Also always follow 5 min chart macd and ma, these are very important,if there is a divergence between 1 min and 5 min chart such as on 1 min macd is negative but 5 min macd is positive ,my advise stay away.

Give yourself a couple of days for confidence ,it's pretty good system.

SORRY I FORGOT, MACD SETUP IS 20,62,57, APPLY THIS ON BOTH 1 MIN AND 5 MIN

--- 帖子 #6 ---
Yeah so do I he's helped me a lot with forex questions, but that wasnt COBRA.

But ok lets talk about your system...... it looks very good.

--- 帖子 #7 ---
Thanks,mate

I hope it'll help you make more pips than a loss.

--- 帖子 #8 ---
now watch 1 min chart eur/usd

it's up but macd 5 min bars are very weak for me it's a risky trade to take

--- 帖子 #9 ---
Im very excited about your system because when I 1st started in forex, I followed MA systems, but sort of got lost along the way a bit with the bombardment of every system on planet earth.

So this looks just what I need...its simple and we only need to concentrate on one pair to start with. If I can make 50 to 100 pips a day that will be awesome.

Thanks for oppertunity to try it

--- 帖子 #10 ---
I took this one but now can see also the 57 is below 62, I hope this turns in my favour , the trix is going the right way on M5, the M5 macd is weks but its up.

How high do you like to see it....what twice what it is now ?

--- 帖子 #11 ---
I'm awaiting for short signal here

--- 帖子 #12 ---
I'm off guys

--- 帖子 #13 ---
Very interesting, I have a similar chart, I use the Sonic 34 channel, an 8 lwma for the cross, and the t@h THV coral. Other indys are the BW Awesome Oscillator and a CCI.  I also watch a Daryl Guppy(rainbow, MA's) 5m, 15m, and 30m to see the trend. I added a 200 ema and the fractals to check out after coming across your thread. Will keep an eye on this

cheers

--- 帖子 #14 ---
trendman can you tell us something about the result how long have you been trading this and how high hit rate and also on average how many pips a week ?

best regards

--- 帖子 #15 ---
My Friend

I'm scalper ,approaching my 7th year trading.This is my job and looks after my family.

Daily I get 50 pips,that is my target ,that is it.As soon as I reach that I leave my trading desk.

This is the only system I've been using last 2-3 years,I have tried everything like you guys but all the systems are so complicated and there is no constant success,whoever says I make this and that don't believe .

Trade with discipline.

I won't say anything about this system to persuade you how good it's ,just try and master it.

I hope you'll like it.

--- 帖子 #16 ---
Hi Mate

yes you were total correct with that trade earlier, as you predicted with the weak macd signal on the M5 it reversed. Lost but good lesson though.....

Do you have prefered trading hours, what session do you like this on? I assume London /NY cross over with EURUSD pair ?

--- 帖子 #17 ---
Well,always LONDON/NY session is the one you should trade and also very early hours of London time which is about 6am gmt,by the way I'm from London.

--- 帖子 #18 ---
HI Trendman:

The 5m chart seems identical to your other thread.  I do like this system.  Thanks for helping so many people learn.

Steve

--- 帖子 #19 ---
Hello Trendman, came over to this thread now so we can actually talk about trading your system. I'll be sticking with this for awhile, and see if I can start getting a hang of this soon.

On the 5 Min chart, so the only thing you really look at is the MACD? Or to enter a trade on the 1 Min, does the Trix also need to be in the same direction? What about all the MA lines on the M5? What are they for? Do you also look at crosses for those MAs? or don't use them?

Also... Let me confirm how this works...

So let's say the 10 crossed down on both 30, to enter short, we have to make sure both MACD on 1 min and 5 min are also negative (below 0.00), and both are not weak. We also have to look at Trix on both M1 and M5 to make sure they are crossed down (does both lines on trix also need to be red to enter?).

On the 5 Min chart, we also need to look at the MA lines on the chart, but what are we looking for there? To short, do we need to make sure that the 62 EMA is also crossed below the 57 SMA and that the price is below the 20 EMA (or do price just need to be above or below all the MA lines?)? However, watch out for the 200 to make sure price is not too close above it, otherwise, don't enter until price breaks below the 200 EMA line. Do I have it correct on how to trade your system? If not, please do correct me as I'm trying to make sure I'm trading this the correct way.

I'm just trying to figure out just want is all you look for before entering a trade.

Thanks once again for all the help.

--- 帖子 #20 ---
Hello trendman

Just a doubt, do you use this system or the other one, which is with 57 sma and 62 ema?

--- 帖子 #21 ---
For scalping I use this system, sometimes...sometimes I use the other system for longterm trading,when I say long term like for holding my trade about 1-2 hours.

--- 帖子 #22 ---
hi trendman,

would you please post your THV TRIX indi, i can't found it there,thanks

--- 帖子 #23 ---
By the way, I see a short EURUSD developing. So, right now, we're just waiting for price to close below the R2 and 200 ema on the M1, and also for the M5 trix to cross down (with both lines red) right? That is if M1 trix is also crossed down, if not, have to wait for the M1 trix to cross down again. Am I correct with this? Both M1 and M5 MACD lined up now.

--- 帖子 #24 ---
Thanks again for your comments

Now ,everything you've said above is correct but I want to repeat my self again.

5 min chart is very important with MA and MACD,now look at the 5 min chart EUR/USD ,since today's tarding started the price has risen very nicely and look at the MA and Macd they stay always positive and as this upward trend is confirmed for me I CAN NOT GO SHORT FOR SCALPING ON 1 MIN CHART, I think this is understood with everyone.

Around 5.30am gmt EUR/USD start to show weakness ,look at the 5 MIN MACD AND LOOK AT THE 62MA ,IT'S BELOW 57 SMA,very interesting this means trend is slowing,now you might start lookin for shor scalping.

PLEASE EVERYONE ,CONFIRM THE TREND DIRECTION WITH 5 MIN CHART AND

TAKE YOUR TRADES, FOR SWING TRADERS,IF PA IS ABOVE 20,62 EMA AND 57 SMA GO LONG UNTIL THE DIRECTION OF MA CHANGES ALONG WITH MACD, BELIEVE WITH THIS MA AND MACD FOR SWING TRADERS YOU CAN MAKE GOOD PIPS,JUST TRY

--- 帖子 #25 ---
Ah... alright, I get it, always watch the M5 MAs to make sure you're trading with the trend of the M5 based on the MA. Looks like we'll need to wait a bit longer then to get a trade to confirm as M5 still needs to drop further. So once price drops below the all MA lines, then we can look to short, so for now, no clear direction yet. However, as you've mentioned, now the 62 ema is below the 57 sma, so at least that means trend is starting to show weakness. So, now we just wait. But I'll be going to bed soon, so I'll have to wait until NY open to start trading again.

Thanks again for your answers, now I'm starting to understand your system better. =)

--- 帖子 #26 ---
I don' t want to bombard yo guys with so many indicators or systems that will confuse you but some of you might find 1 min chart with 10 and 30 ema fast to follow,please apply those emas 10 and 30 on 5 min chart, it's quite good as well.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #27 ---
wait, however, since I just want to scalp, that means we don't really need to wait for price to drop below all MAs on the 5 min chart right? As you've mentioned, because 62 has crossed below 57, we can start looking for possible short now right? Or do we still need to have the price go below all MAs even for scalping?

--- 帖子 #28 ---
I always wait for the PA goes below the ma, that is my rule, as you master the system you can create your own rules.

I always trade with discipline, even if I see sudden jumps or great movements ,I NEVER EVER TAKE ANY TRADE,ALWAYS STICK TO YOUR RULES.

--- 帖子 #29 ---
Ah... got it, good, now I'm understanding. I want to follow your rule as best as I can as you've already been trading it with success for the past 3 years, so I see no reason why we shouldn't follow your rules. =) The price being below MAs however, the 200 ema doesn't need to apply right? unless price is closely above it while you're trying to short?

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #30 ---
Nice system, incorporating it with some of my own stuff, so far, so good. Like the simplicity

--- 帖子 #31 ---
CORRECT

--- 帖子 #32 ---
So right now, even though all lined up, there was no entrance because when the 10 crossed below the 30 on M1, it wasn't lined up yet. Now we need to wait for price to retrace back up, meaning, the 10 to cross in-between or over the 30 again, and to recross back down the 30 again for entrance if everything else still lines up right? I'm not sure how if this would be the way you would wait for the short to confirm, if not, please do correct. Thanks.

--- 帖子 #33 ---
CORRECT.

if you look at the latest PA,as the price weaken on 5 min chart(please master the system first) and I did quick scalping with 10pips on 1 min chart

--- 帖子 #34 ---
Just realized I just missed a nice scalp short for 10 pips on GBPUSD... =P

--- 帖子 #35 ---
Ah... so the 10 you just took was not the main rule since as far as I know, we haven't had a official entrance for the sell. Hmmm... I guess I'll just have to keep trading to get a better feel for it so to be able to scalp like what you just did too later on.

--- 帖子 #36 ---
Well, I'm revealing all my trading secrets,I hope everyone does the same thing ,too.

ANOTHER GREAT TOOL ,NOT FOR TRADE TAKING ,ONLY FOR GUIDANCE.

PLEASE ATTACH ON BALANCE VOLUME INDICATOR ON 5 MIN CHART,BUT DO THIS ON A DIFFERENT CHART AND MAKE THE INDICATOR BIGGER SO THAT CHART CAN'T BE SEEN,ADD RSI ON THIS INDICATOR BUT MAKE THE RSI COLOURLESS BUT ADD ON RSI LEVELS 70,50,30 LINES.

NOW WATCH OBV ACTION ON 5 MIN CHART,ALSO THIS WILL GIVE YOU A GOOD INDICATION ABOUT THE TREND, IT'S A VERY VERY GOOD TOOL.

--- 帖子 #37 ---
Thanks, I'll try this. So this is to see if the overall trend is overbought or oversold? Such as if the OBV is close to or above 70, such as now on EURUSD, we might be expecting a price reversal now to the south, and same if OBV is close to or below 30, we will look for possible trend to reverse up. Am I correct on how to use this tool?

--- 帖子 #38 ---
True.OBV is very good,always leave that on,always check for trend direction.

--- 帖子 #39 ---
So far for the past 2 hours, still no EURUSD trade to confirm yet. But this is the slow, unstable period before Frankfurt and London open. GBPUSD did confirm for a sell earlier, which I missed. ^^"

Hopefully I'll get something from NY open in the morning when I wake up. For now, I wish you all best of luck with London. =)

Thanks again for the explanations and great tips.

Good night everyone.

--- 帖子 #40 ---
Morning Trendman

Ok guys so everything is looking good to go Long on the EURUSD , just waiting for Macd to go above zero  on M5 and we can start scalping .?

ab1

--- 帖子 #41 ---
I see EURUSD being way overbought, might want to wait for a retrace first as well, then enter on the retracement if all indication still confirms.

--- 帖子 #42 ---
My man is back..

Hope you'll have a good day.

Always follow PA along with the indicators.

Any question please ask

--- 帖子 #43 ---
Hope your well today,

This was so awesomw last night I was explaining to my wife about you and this system and I was so calling the moves as they happened. With conflicting Macd's the prices almost always went and then made a sharp reversal a few pips later....good stuff, I wish all of you today many pips, lets talk about our trades, good or bad and learn from them.

Oh by the way Trendman Im from London too.

Cheers

ab1

--- 帖子 #44 ---
Cool,mate!!!

--- 帖子 #45 ---
Be careful with 5 min chart EUR/USD.Although macd is showing strength but 62 ema is not above 57sma ,so I'm staying out

--- 帖子 #46 ---
In the last two hours we made 64 pips with THV but Mr. trendman was so kind to present his "improvements" in my thread.

happy trading with this method.

Trendman, don't try to hitch hike a thread again with your crap please.

--- 帖子 #47 ---
[quote=trendman;3128279]Be careful with 5 min chart EUR/USD.Although macd is showing strength but 62 ema is not above 57sma ,so I'm staying out[

Macd's both short , but weak, M5 20 emas above 57 & 62 and OBV up, conflicting still, maybe a retrace?

--- 帖子 #48 ---
Thanks for that Cobra,you stay well,my friend,oh by the way I will not block you to write your comments on this thread but you've already blocked,showed your true professional face, you old git!!!!

--- 帖子 #49 ---
I dont know lets just get on with the trading guys, if it works for you then great....I dont know what everyones getting so touchy about...its not like your stealing paying customers away...you have both been kind enough to pass on your wisdom.....anyway forget all that lets trade.

So Trendman tell us when your in and why...charts still show conflict ...right ?

--- 帖子 #50 ---
Right,I'm just following the PA.

I'm trading with real money here so I have to be very comfortable with my decision.

--- 帖子 #51 ---
Well for me everything is definately pointing to an upward move.

On M5 all the EMA & SMA are in the right order for up and well above the 200.

For me were just waiting for the Macd's to agree. OBV is down currently but still above 70.

--- 帖子 #52 ---
Hi trendman, like your system and thanks for posting.

Just wondering how and when do you decide to take profit with this scalping system?

Many thanks.

--- 帖子 #53 ---
My daily target is 50 pips,when I reach my target I leave my desk.That is it, I usually come out when I reach 10-15 pips per trade

--- 帖子 #54 ---
hope you can explain how to use this tool as a guidance

--- 帖子 #55 ---
Trendman

Do you think that this currency meter (top right) I have attached to the OBV may be of any use to you.

I wont post it up ...its your thread, Unless you give it the OK.

Its pretty self explanitory, it tells you which currency is being bought the most...so the possibility is that you just pick the stongest .v. the weakest and apply your scalping system, trade until you see action on other pairs.

You can clearly see currently that the EURUSD is about even. You are looking for 2:1 ratio at least.

What do you think?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Cheers

--- 帖子 #56 ---
sure man,just post what ever you want,it's not only my thread

--- 帖子 #57 ---
However, the EMA on 5 Min is still not lined up correctly for a Long to enter. As trendman has said earlier, the 62 needs to be above the 57 first before long can be considered (it's almost there, moving up slowly). So longs are still a no go as of right now. It takes a bit of time to get the right setup all lined up I suppose.

--- 帖子 #58 ---
As I said it shows you what the market is buying. It also gives you confidence during a trade if you see the currency you bought or sold going in your favour against the opposite pair.

It may or may not help ? But be interested in anyones comments

--- 帖子 #59 ---
My friend

As I've said I look after my family with this job, no joke for me, so I can't take trades every 5 minutes,I can't,so you got to have patience ,

read this:

Patience is a virtue because it makes us better people. The definition of the word is to tolerate delay. This implies self control and forbearance as opposed to wanting what we want when we want it. How many times have we jumped the gun and found out it would have been better to tolerate delay or had self control? What did we miss out on? Did we hurt someone we love because of lack of patience? Having patience will heal the wounds and it will work itself out fine. Patience is not only a virtue but a necessity for a happy existence.

--- 帖子 #60 ---
Yup, and patience is something I do have in my trading. I usually would wait 4-5 hours just to get one good setup trading the fibo, so don't worry about that. =) Just wanted to make sure ab1 didn't get those 2 MA lines messed up as to which are suppose to be above the other for longs and shorts. It sounded like to me he thought the 57 above the 62 is long, as he mentioned all MA lines are lined up for long, which isn't the case as the 62 is a ema, and 57 is a sma, so it's actually the opposite.

--- 帖子 #61 ---
Yes, thanks for confiming that...I had got those two in the wrong order.

--- 帖子 #62 ---
Ah... good! Didn't want you to get into wrong trades and risk losing some pips. ^^ Ok... I really need to get to bed as I'm trading NY. Best of luck with London.

--- 帖子 #63 ---
Hi Treadman,

I loaded your template and note it is not exactly the same as your charts.

For the MACD, do I need to separately insert?

Thanks for the help

--- 帖子 #64 ---
This looks very similar to the camel back technique a la Joe Ross, without the macd, and relies on price action more similar to trading Ross Hooks traders trick entry, see attached.

--- 帖子 #65 ---
Never seen this, but it's very similar apart from 5min chart setup

--- 帖子 #66 ---
yes ,please insert it seperatly.

--- 帖子 #67 ---
Trendman have u taken any trades today, which you cud show an example of

--- 帖子 #68 ---
Only one trade ,go to page 3 please

By the way as it's interest rate decision,so risky to take any trade ,well that is my feeling anyway

--- 帖子 #69 ---
my obv is presently at 1427 on Eu; how do I set the 50/70/30 levels. they are all bunched up around 0 line when I insert them? the scale presently on 5m runs between -1111 and 2063.

I can add a 700 and a-700 to have levels but want my chart to be like Trendman's.  I'm using the standard MT4 OBV indicator.

thanks,

Steve

--- 帖子 #70 ---
on OBV indicator attach RSI indicator(carry rsi indicator and dropped on OBV)

than make RSI colourless but on RSI levels add 30-50-70 ,that is it

--- 帖子 #71 ---
I've very patient but don't pay attention. I took my time and now understand. thanks for your patience with me.

--- 帖子 #72 ---
German Industrial Production News medium impact in 4 mins

--- 帖子 #73 ---
Are the 30 ema's not a little bit to slow for scalping?

--- 帖子 #74 ---
Trendman

We have a weak but matching macd, if these were to get stonger in there signal would you enter even though the M5 emas still show up trend ?

or wait for Trix M1 to confirm short if this is in pull back ??

Infact I can see the OBV is above 70 so this is showing that we have in conflict between other signals. Currently we just need M5 Macd to line up for long signals and the 62 above the 57.

I sort of answered my own questions....

--- 帖子 #75 ---
Valuable posts I found where TRENDMAN helped THV traders till Cobra couldn't take it anymore.  Hope they help everyone here:

Quote:

Originally Posted by antonioforex http://cdn.forexfactory.com/images/buttons/viewpost.gif
Trendman, what do you use the 200 moving avg for? thanks

as you may know 200ma is the most important ma you need to follow,if PA happens under or below ,this gives you more confident to take your trade short or long,it might also play a very strong role for support/resistance

Quote:

Originally Posted by ab1 http://cdn.forexfactory.com/images/buttons/viewpost.gif
Trendman

This may be a silly question............. but what are the Red & Yellow lines on the Macd and what are there importance please

cheers

ab1

they're quite useful but most of the time I follow the macd bars BUT yellow line if it's below 0 and bars are positive upward trend might be quite weak, you need to master the system ,always follow

My friend

5 min chart is only there to guide you whether the trades you're taking are okay.

As I've said I'm a scalper I never ever stay in the trend ,always take my profits when I reach my targets,this is my income, don't have anything.

For long term tarding you're asking to wrong guy here

--- 帖子 #76 ---
Could you post your other indicators, like the THV TRIX, and the others. I can't find them on your post.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #77 ---
trend is confused so ...

on 5 min chart, price is still above ma but 62 is below 57 so weak sign,better to wait about another 30-45 minutes until the dust settles down

--- 帖子 #78 ---
do you mind if you get them from Cobra's site.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #79 ---
Here's one:

--- 帖子 #80 ---
Hi Steve

Hows it going, remember you from the "Ichimoku" Thread, I learnt so much from those guys and I really like the system...what a great bunch of traders...still following that aswell..............

But Ive defected to TRENDMANS thread....lol

--- 帖子 #81 ---
Hi ab1:

I practiced Trademan's first thread before finding ichimoku forever...so naturally curious what is going on.  Glad you are liking this thread and Trendman is a master at this.

Still have ichimoku forever trades going well but love to scalp; ichi scalping is possible but no one to teach me.

Its time I make a living trading.  Trendman is full time megapippin so I feel I should pay attention.  His 50 pips a day plan suits me perfect.

Small stoploss means bigger lots with a smaller account.  That attracks me here too.

Discipline to wait (like right now while 5m price is testing 57/62emas is a real challenge.  With alot of money on the line I see why Trendman waits till he has a high percentage trade and lets all the get rich quick newbies (like I've usually done in my past) trade 5 pip trades winning and losing making brokers happier than the traders.  Just my opinion.

Just entered Eu short!

Steve

--- 帖子 #82 ---
I was going in on that one but GBP APF & Interest rates news in 5 mins , so waiting till after !

--- 帖子 #83 ---
whoops; forgot about the news; I need a news indy that doesn't clutter my screen.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #84 ---
My feeling is get ready for shorts,5 min chart watch it please

dont take any trades yet, just watch it

--- 帖子 #85 ---
be careful with trend diretion

--- 帖子 #86 ---
Dare I mention it on this thread...but THV system has good news indicator... thats the one I use

--- 帖子 #87 ---
What do you consider on the OBV to be a strong indication of trend then, above/below 50 ?

--- 帖子 #88 ---
I give up....its not on first page; there's 9 pages of attachments to wade thru...any idea approximately where I should look for this?  Otherwise, I'll look later.

Thanks for the heads up.

Steve

--- 帖子 #89 ---
quite honestly , I only use obv for the direction of the trend if price moves up OBV MUST GO UP ,too or vice versa.I don't stick myself overbought or sold theory because most of the professional traders they ignore that,well that's what I'v read and told by my fellow trader

for instance look ate 5 min chart it goes down but OBV is up, strange!!!

Also try to draw trend /support lines on OBV,very useful again

--- 帖子 #90 ---
Hi Mate

Yes I think you will find it in the optional indicators section the file is called THV3 FFCal2

--- 帖子 #91 ---
there you go

--- 帖子 #92 ---
I feel it's a fake breakout,let see

--- 帖子 #93 ---
I went short on the EURUSD and decided to get out with a few pips as I didnt like the look of it, but at the time all the signals I thought were good to go short ?

M5 Also shows 20 has cross both 57 & 62 ?
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #94 ---
Thanks

--- 帖子 #95 ---
Please share how you can tell this.

Thanks; learning alot fast.

Steve

PS: got my 10 but wouldn't have traded if I'd understood this might be a fake out; how to learn soon.........

--- 帖子 #96 ---
I suppose it would be better to maybe wait for price to close below the 200 to conifrm trend change

--- 帖子 #97 ---
1 min macd ,divergence I'm seeing, I'm just waiting

--- 帖子 #98 ---
What because price is going down, but Macd has gone weak but is strengthening again now

--- 帖子 #99 ---
exactly

--- 帖子 #100 ---
thanks; obvious now; I understand divergence; so far nothing has been too hard to grasp.

When the long 5m bar crossed the 62 what was wrong then?  too close to BB57 bottom?

--- 帖子 #101 ---
The red line in macd is that a reflection on price action ?

--- 帖子 #102 ---
Trendman can you elaborate on how to incorporate the 5min with the 1 min chart, do you use both or just the 1 min. ?

Also to you use this system for the US session.?

--- 帖子 #103 ---
Please have a look the 1 st page of the thread

I use this system both London/US sessions

--- 帖子 #104 ---
Wow....... this patience thing is doing my head in a little...are we going to make any trades today ?

But I guess its best to stay out and keep your money until the odds are stacked in your favour

--- 帖子 #105 ---
So were looking for the 5min chart to establish trend ?

--- 帖子 #106 ---
yes

--- 帖子 #107 ---
I think a 5m trend is established with ema's all crossed, macd and trix have good separation down and price closed below 200ema;

now wait on a 1m pullback and if 5m still looks good enter.  Would you explain the entry from here if I got the 5m part right?  Thank you.

steve

--- 帖子 #108 ---
perfectly right

--- 帖子 #109 ---
Thanks trend and Steve

--- 帖子 #110 ---
Trendman

Are you in any trades?

--- 帖子 #111 ---
Today , I'm staying away so far, no confidence at all on the trend, there is no major move on OBV, did you realise that,it hasn't gone down as much as the price

--- 帖子 #112 ---
Yes I did see that , but Im such an idiot that I got my butt kicked earlier when I entered and the market just spiked in the other direction. Im in two trades now short from the current pull backs.

But everything points south for me currently as price on the M5 has closed below 200 so I will stay in for a while see if I can recover....it cant  get any worse....

--- 帖子 #113 ---
after taking 10 pips reenter after a 1m pullback as long as 5m still strong down?

--- 帖子 #114 ---
My friend ,

I was like that ,try to make quick bucks,doesn't work like that , believe me, I have lost so much money before until I started to make money.

--- 帖子 #115 ---
did that but loss currently getting larger - 60 pips today....depressing, I dont think Im quite getting it ....what time do the pubs open i need a drink...lol

--- 帖子 #116 ---
OBV is rising ,if it passes the previous top with this upward movement, think twice about your short position, again that is my feeling, just an advise from me

--- 帖子 #117 ---
I'm sorry trendMan,

Do you mind to make the guideline of this system in pdf formats??

--- 帖子 #118 ---
Sorry mate but I'm not that expert about the pdf thing,anyone is welcomed to make that

--- 帖子 #119 ---
Only saw 2 tiny 10 pip trades where the 1m lined up with the 5m; 3rd one  macd spoiled.  But I wasn't fast enough on first one so closed 1st one at 2nd exit at my R2 and 1m MM line.  Don't know it I see this right but getting better.

Pub won't help.......well......it might......

--- 帖子 #120 ---
Good place to reflect and relax....so to be ready for another beating tomorrow !

--- 帖子 #121 ---
Trendman

You have supplied us with a great system...thank you, I should be grateful and appriciate  this is yours and you are giving it for free.

However, do not think me ungrateful in anyway with my next comment as it not really directed at you...but does apply a little.....

There are many systems on this forum and on many others and no matter which one you look at, the indicators, instructions and manuals are mainly either different or incomplete to the actual system being used.

So the newbie like me has not only to struggle understanding Forex but is also left to interprate how it all fuctions to some degree. Much of the little important details of why or why not to enter are with in the head of the creator. And I think it is essential to try and get all these down on paper so a full understanding of the very sole of the system can be appreciated. It would be great if someone who has designed a very good system could provide a commentry of what they are thinking during a trading session with illustrations of actual trades made and there exact thought process during it.

Anyway as I said this is not directed at you soley just a general comment.

cheers

ab1.........I swear, I am going to make this stupid forex system pay my wages soon !

--- 帖子 #122 ---
This system is not mine ,I've just combined the available indicators and that is it, this system will allow you to develop your own system, that is how I became successful.

Always train yourself, I work almost 14 hours a day,you'll get there soon,

Good Luck

--- 帖子 #123 ---
Is 5m a perfect setup now?  1m blew past 34ma's and looks strong down.  How do I interpret this to enter?

Thanks,

Steve

--- 帖子 #124 ---
5 min setup is perfect but waiting for 1 min set up

--- 帖子 #125 ---
I got stopped out a while ago; I see now macd never crossed up; my mistake; this is easy but you have to pay respect to do what it says.

I'll get there;

I also work almost all my waking hours on learning forex for most of last 3 years. Shame on me not getting there by now.

--- 帖子 #126 ---
trend is perfect, patience ,patience

This proofs that as long as 5 macd is positive and price is above the ma ,you have to find the perfect enterance enter point for the trend on 1 min chart

--- 帖子 #127 ---
Hi everyone

I'm seeing quite a lot of you watching the thread,if you have had any experiences with this system ,your comments are very welcomed,please share your experiences.

Many thanks to all of you

--- 帖子 #128 ---
"price is above the ma"... To which MA are you referring?? There's about 3 on the chart 10, 57, 62.  Price being above which one?

Thanks,

revrobwimb

--- 帖子 #129 ---
on 5 min chart

the price has to be above for all 3 ma but the ma has to be line like this, 20,62 and at the bottom 57 ,okay this is upward trend.

if somehow you see 62 goes under 57 during the upward trend ,means trending slowing, vice versa the other way around for the down ward trend

--- 帖子 #130 ---
Trendman,

Thanks for sharing what you have learned these past 7 years in trading.

Much appreciated.

Bruce

--- 帖子 #131 ---
I'm still learning..)))no joke

--- 帖子 #132 ---
Thank you...  I appreciate it.

Could you please post a current picture of your 1m and 5m chart.  Seems that the 5m tmplate from post #1 looks different from other posts i've seen in the thread.

Thanks again,

revrobwimb

--- 帖子 #133 ---
here you go

--- 帖子 #134 ---
beautiful scalping trade taken 20 pips

--- 帖子 #135 ---
Okay thanks.. looking good.

You drawing your own trend lines or using an indy?

--- 帖子 #136 ---
have you recovered your loss?

--- 帖子 #137 ---
Forgive my questions.. although I'm not a newbie.. I'm trying to reconcile your post #1 rules along w/ other posts throughout the thread.

You just scalped +20..that's great..   Did you go short? against the 5m trend?  If so then you traded pure 1m at the macd cross correct?

As the old adage goes.. a picture paints a thousand words.  If you could take that closed trade from your account history tab and drag it then drop it onto your chart, it will then show an triangle connected to an arrow which will identify your exact entry and exit point.

This would be so helpful to see especially if you took a countertrend trade.

Thanks so much,

revrobwimb

--- 帖子 #138 ---
Trendman:

nice going:

would like to see the 1m chart showing entry;

my trix was going down when macd was going up so obviously I'm missing a piece of this simple puzzle.

Thanks for your patience.

Steve

--- 帖子 #139 ---
I have taken 2 trades , the second one I'm still holding

I take trades with between 50-80 points

--- 帖子 #140 ---
Hi Mate

Well done on your success !, and I have recovered a little, about 15 pips but still down..

My point earlier is that most of us have not got a clue what is going on with your two successful trades. Can you identify and show us with pictures and words when and why you took these trades.

Cheers my man !

--- 帖子 #141 ---
Ok thanks trendman.. The entry and exit on that were just as I suspected. You took a 1m short at the macd crossing. It was countertrend trade since the 5m chart did not agree.

Could you further explain your above quote.

thanks,

revrobwimb

--- 帖子 #142 ---
Now,

why I took the short trade;

first of all identified weakness of the trend, looked at the 5 min chart TRIX,it was showing divergence and with a fake breakout and going in but staying negative ,I took the short trade.

As I've said and I keep repeating it,you got to master it,I didn't become successful with a click of a finger and quite honest I'm not that successfull,

I now people   in the city of London make £10m a year ,now that is success.

I'm trying to explain everything but ...

--- 帖子 #143 ---
Dude you seem like a nice guy and hell you have given us your system. but until you can explain in detail what is going on with your trades, Im out of here!

This is not a game dude and we all want to learn, but everytime you make a trade it is different to what are in your instructiions.....eg this was not quite right and that didnt line up, ...........ie my email earlier about it all being in your head.

Please dont start a thread about a system if you are not willing to give us the details......this is nonsense !!

Thanks but this type of tuition is not for me.

Respect

Ab1

--- 帖子 #144 ---
The trick is to keep it simple, because without realizing it, silently more indies get added to ones chart and the spaghetti stuff is there again.

Best advise I can give is to use a strategy tester and train with it on a M1 chart and soon enough you will get the hang of it.

--- 帖子 #145 ---
okay ,mate,whatever you say.

I'm trying to give all the explanation as much as I can, if you don't know how to use the indicators than I think you need to read a lot.

I can't put everything in front of you, you need to follow and learn.

There are so many trading systems on this site ,now are you telling all of these systems are generating huge amount of money,I doubt about it.

If you find any system that generates pips ,please let me know, so that I can call my self stupid and cry for my 7 years of my wasted trading years.

If you're out ,you're out, who cares!!!!

JESUS!!

--- 帖子 #146 ---
Anybody going long EU?

--- 帖子 #147 ---
Don't think this is the best time to trade EU anymore, observe the NY market.

If you do anyhow, be VERY careful, the BIG action has already taken place.

--- 帖子 #148 ---
very well said

--- 帖子 #149 ---
Which pairs do you think by this?

USD/JYP and USD/GBP etc?

--- 帖子 #150 ---
Ok knowone cares ! least of all me...

why publish your mega wonderful system and then play games.

You are a sad man...you came onto THV thread and poatched me.............., telling me that you had the holy grail and how you looked after your family with your great wisdom and knowledge of your system....yeah sure !!

Well keep your system and rip off other people indicators and put them on yours,  you magpie.....!!

get a life you sad individual !!

--- 帖子 #151 ---
anyone looking for a system dont look here it doesent work !

--- 帖子 #152 ---
Personally I advise my newbies to focus on ONE pair and trade the hell out of it. Know your pair ins and outs, like you got to know your wife.

All this multiple pair trading is ONLY a trick from the brokers to get you hooked on trading casino style. The THV thread became VERY large, but if you really want to get an edge on trading and its sharp edges, you should take the time to go thru the thousands of posts and look for the ones from Doblece, she is the BEST there is and knows very well how to explain the mental issues that trading comes with.

So I trade ONLY EURUSD and ONLY scalp M1 & M5.

Fast collection of pips when you are trading the right times, and remember............you need only 20 pips per day and you will make a lot of money.

JUST STICK TO THE RULES !!!!!

It is the overleverage, the overtrading, the being in the market too much, and a few more.......that makes any trader lose some money at times.

Hope this helps.

--- 帖子 #153 ---
all I can say to you grow up ,man, grow up....

--- 帖子 #154 ---
WHAUW, I must be on a roll today.

Forgot to wish my good friend Cobra  yesterday:

HAPPY BIRTHDAY !!!!!

To Trendman:

don't worry about the negative reactions at times, mate.

I always have a bunch of ppl that really think I will chew and spit it all out for them to the letter on how to trade properly and make the pips.

MANY are too lazy to read a thread from the very first post.

MANY are too lazy to learn how to work with their trading platform and cannot install a simple indicator.

MANY are expecting YOU to tell them when to enter and when to exit a trade.

Personally I use a combination of material to base my trade decisions on. They consist of material from THV, C4, Nitro and my own experiences of 5 years.

Newbies seem to forget that trading is like driving a car, everybody has its own style and prefers different types of mirrors or seats.

Every carpenter has his own swing with his hammer, the results should be the same, in our case, making pips.

I made my necessary pips using your setup the past 24 hrs, which also included a brownout and a thunderstorm flashing above.

IT WORKS !!!!!

Keep up the good work.

--- 帖子 #155 ---
Thank you very much

I think people think that I'm making money from this thread,I'm literually sparing my own time and showing effort to give them guidance,what for !!!

Anyway , you're right ...

IGNORE THEM!!!

--- 帖子 #156 ---
Hey trendman, I made a couple of pips with your system today seems like my man is all stressed out. This takes time to learn and pateince is needed. I hope he learns how to do it.

--- 帖子 #157 ---
Nothing to it, you people are trying to hard to find a trade, let the market present itself to you, don't chase the market. Be happy when you score some pips, NOT every trade should be a hunderd or so.

This is scalping in the sense of FAST IN, FAST OUT.

First learn the controls of the car, before you drive downtown with it and don't even know what the handbrake was.

There was a nice scalp @ 21.50 on the IBFX platform, to give you a hint.

--- 帖子 #158 ---
Ok Trendman

I might have been a little harsh, you have provided all of this free of charge...so I apologise for that part.......

However look at your presentation of the system............

The Template charts you supplied are not the same as the ones you use, there are bits missing, like no Macd.

The indicators, like Macd are not at the settings you use....

Your explanation of when to take trades is very simple. "When the 10 ema cuts throught the 30 Ema's  on the M1 you take a trade"..... etc etc, that is simply no as easy as that !

And although I have great respect for your knowledge of how to trade forex there are people on this thread hanging onto your every word for christ sake....so the least you could do if your going to put yourself out there is make sure all your paperwork is in order...thats all !

And all the twits that come on with great words of wisdom about "people should bother to read the thread from the start" etc, is just gloating at the fact they understand this and what your doing and to hell with everyone else.

So come on be fair either "put up" or......well you know the rest Mate.

--- 帖子 #159 ---
(Sorry for my english)  Just my 2 cents about the frustration in trading, ab1 do you think even if Tiger Woods or Michal Shumacker try to show you how they do what they do, you ll be able to have the same result ? And if you realize you can t have the same result as them do you will blame them for that ? You know i realize since about 5 years to try to understand how this business work i think any system is only a part of the puzzle and the rest is in our mind,perception is the key  and i think for the change of wathever perception in life we want to change, it begins with an open mind first and so will come  experimentation and a lots of things we need to do and time to feel it inside ! And there is little things in life we can learn from others and there is things we can only learn from our experiment because we need to feel what we really want to achieve inside of our heart and in trading it s the same as the rest of life, so if there is frustration in trading there will be frustration about a lot of things in life !

Luk

--- 帖子 #160 ---
AB1.

I noticed the same as you did.

Can be a bit hard for newbies, but you and I were newbies also one day in the past and we figured it all out.

I feel Trendman is doing his very best, but can do a little bit better in making his TPL's from the very chart he attaches. That would already solve part of the differences.

I would like to give him a VERY serious advise, it has been mentioned by the great Cobra MANY times.

ONE CANNOT TRADE AND TEACH OTHERS AT THE SAME TIME !!!!!

--- 帖子 #161 ---
Yes great words of wisdom.......there is much of this on here.

I have been a successful businessman for the last 20 years and anyone can be taught anything, I have taught many people many things, but it is down to the desire of the individual learning as to the outcome of there own success. But you have to at least point them in the right direction to begin with.

--- 帖子 #162 ---
Fair Comment

--- 帖子 #163 ---
Thats what I use to think too AB1, but that is not the case. the fact is that "things change" within the rules, a little anyway. Trendman gave you the basic rule to follow and you would probably get most trades following the basic base rules but he saw something that you didnt see because he's been trading a while. just like freddie said, you may know how to drive a car but how many drivers out there are "good drivers". I have a friend that clears around 30K a month trading forex and he refuses to show me how he does it, after a year of trying I know why. He doesnt want to get blamed for my failures.

Dont bail, if anything sit back and let other do the talking.

--- 帖子 #164 ---
Yes but there is no great mystery is there. So your mate that clears 30K a month trading...so what hes like special.....probably no, he just has rules and follows them. If you have to rely on a hunch then you are simply gambling....that is just a way a persons ego likes to think of themselves.

--- 帖子 #165 ---
I really lost you.

All my charts have MACD with the set up 20,62,57,

Yes I do play play with my chart but only the back ground colours or ma colours changed,everything is the same.

It's so simple;

indicators,TRIX and MACD(20,62,57)

and MA

--- 帖子 #166 ---
Yea I get that, but hes not like that, I tell you after a year of learning and reading the forums, I dont think I would be able to show anyone how to do it, Im not a good teacher and i understand your frustration now that you mentioned that you use to teach.

These guys on these forums are not professional instructors and some times you have to sort of read in between the lines. If you look at anything long enough you will eventually learn it.

--- 帖子 #167 ---
ab1, i think your point is well understanding now, it s trading thread here so can we be back to trading talk now ! thanks

Luk

--- 帖子 #168 ---
Hi all,

Really guys you got to understand,I'm not a teacher and I haven't written down anything about my system, okay some basic rules are written ,which I've put them on this thread but the rest is written in my head.If you try visit this thread on and off ,you might catch them as I'm going to write everything I know as much as I can.

I'll try to post charts but it's very difficult during the tarding hours.

--- 帖子 #169 ---
Maybe someone will find interestind this template to determinate the main trend on M5...

Try it

In the picture below there is what I think as a  "perfect entry" (tell me if i'm wrong...)

--- 帖子 #170 ---
perfect set up

That is what I'm talking

You take the system and combined with another system,perfect.

--- 帖子 #171 ---
Hi Trendman,

Thanks for Your efforts and sharing one of Your method and mostly for sparing time here... That is really very important not to forget who You are and what You are.

Same to Freddyfx and cobra team!!!

And pls do not pay attention to newbies with all their negative.

Regards.

--- 帖子 #172 ---
Look at this:

Entry:

Cross of TRIX

MACD (20,62,9) above 0 and showing uptrend

Main trend confirmed by PA's rainbow chart

Price goes above 30 MAs channel

--- 帖子 #173 ---
ab1

you sucked, you suck and you will suck in the future.

Why?  because you don't have the principal requirement for FX trading: PATIENCE.

You might be good in your biz, but this is another world in which logic is written in small letters.

--- 帖子 #174 ---
Well said. My 2 cent contribution:

- all the most successful trader in the world affirm that more than 70% of trading is about developing the psychology of the individual trader, so nothing to do with the indicators/systems used..

- Mark Douglas, successful trader and guru in psychology of trading, went bankrupt after 3 years of professional trading while working as trader at an investment bank.. After that he became a guru..

- As in every profession it takes usually between 3 and 10 years of full time studies and experiences before getting consistent positive results.

So lets thank forexfactory for giving the opportunity and all the people on here posting their experiences sharing their positive contribution.

--- 帖子 #175 ---
It's true that trendman has never explained in details his method, he has never uploaded a list of trade example or other useful stuff like other system creator do. There are some points that a newbie may cannot figure out by himself... but we have to appreciate every single advice he gave to us opening this thread losing his time.

Even if you are a newbie you can open your chart, load some indicators and start to test this strategy trying to understand how it works -or- how it could works with some your improvements like I tried. In this way you can also develop you own method... that really suit you!

--- 帖子 #176 ---
Yeah i love that  !

--- 帖子 #177 ---
Well.. after much reading of the thread and analyzing the charts, I took my first trade. Although it's asian session I'm pleased with the trade. I have included both charts with my entry and exit.

For me the bb bands and fractals seem to be cluttering the chart.. kinda in the way. I'm probably gonna remove.

revrobwimb

--- 帖子 #178 ---
I'll have to agree. Forex is not that simple, yet, new "traders" who comes to this form expects that it is, and also expects someone to hold their hands the entire way so they won't have to learn anything themselves. If that's the case, then you're in the wrong field. Forex takes a lot of time, and hours upon hours of watching the PA, trying to figure out what its trying to tell you until you've finally figured it out.

--- 帖子 #179 ---
+15 scalp.  Stayed w/ the trend.  Rode this one down a bit toward the S2 support.  I could have got out w/ +20 but I exited late when it bounced.

Anyway.. not too many charts being posted on this thread so I thought I'd make a contribution or two.

revrobwimb

--- 帖子 #180 ---
Another short for +8.  Entry is obvious.... price broke previous lows on 1m and the 10ema bounced off of the 30ema.

Rode it down to S3.

Anyone else want to make a few posts?  The best threads are supported w/ legitimate charts w/ entries and exits.  Threads w/out them are worthless!

--- 帖子 #181 ---
good morning all,

EUR/USD

5 min chart, down trend slowed down, as 62ema is above 57 and macd ,positive so looking for long options

sorry saying that I have to add,we have to be careful with Macd line ,as it's below 0 ,so the up move might be short lived

--- 帖子 #182 ---
very quick scalping ,ended with 7 pips,might have stayed in, but didn't feel comfartable.

as I've said,5 macd is positive and looking for lond entry

--- 帖子 #183 ---
Okay guys,another tip that i constantly use for mostly long entries and also sometimes for short entries

please have a look at the both charts and circled areas,now previuosly10 ema crosses over several times both 30 ema but short lived,i always look for on 5 min chart trix cross when i say cross like looks green and about the cross and at the same time 1 min macd turns postive and i wait for nice pull back and jump in.

Try it!!

--- 帖子 #184 ---
Here we go,another example ,quick 5 pips taken

--- 帖子 #185 ---
how can i put it automaticaly trade with this system but not handle with your hand. if they can do that, it will be exclude psycho problem.

--- 帖子 #186 ---
If anybody can do that,that would be lovely!

--- 帖子 #187 ---
Thank you Cobra forex for your kind words.......lol,....wow, the guy comes onto someone elses thread to slag me off.......sad !

My points yesterday were to illustrate that the information needed to use this system successfully were not forth coming....it just got a little out of hand with the posts....

Accept my apologies TRENDMAN, you didnt really deserve all of that, you had been trying to share your wisdom and system with us all.

However at least today there are many charts with explainations on what to do etc...so that is at least a good thing.

ab1

--- 帖子 #188 ---
again, I'm trying best to write down everything that comes to my mind about the system.

Another major thing you should follow when there is a big jump happens and macd turns(1 min) positive quite late,try to stay away from trade,always wait for a pullback for things to calm down.

Do not forget to look at 5 min chart,too

--- 帖子 #189 ---
many thanks, by the way, I think ,if you put zigzag in , it will be nice.

--- 帖子 #190 ---
very nervous about this upward move , 5 min macd is weaker,whiich we have to take  into account

--- 帖子 #191 ---
Took a trade on that one as things seemed to line up...made 8 pips....decided to exit as it bounced on the 200ema on M5.

--- 帖子 #192 ---
good man,well done..))

seriously, just now take a step back,be calm,and enjoy the 8 pips..

--- 帖子 #193 ---
Hi everything looks good i only did not understand where your stop loss is and how you defined it

--- 帖子 #194 ---
Nice 10 pips trade on EUR/USD....

Price goes strongly out of two MAs channel, price is above SMA90, MACD above 0 and rainbow chart show strong uptrend...

Nice system trendman!

--- 帖子 #195 ---
Hi

I'm a scalper so my stoplosses are very thight and usualy use atr stoploss system,per trade I only take 10-15 pips and out,never stay in the trend

--- 帖子 #196 ---
has anyone got on this latest trade?

The reason I'm asking,because I'm referring to my today's early post, 1 min macd negative, 5 min trix turned down,beautiful setup

--- 帖子 #197 ---
Ok, but I thought you needed to have the macd in the same direction.

So macd together is not important if you have a downward signal from the trix on M5 ?

--- 帖子 #198 ---
yes ,you're absulately correct but also I'm trying to show you for quick scalping as well.

Look ,as you get use to the system and get more confidence on the indocators ,you'll start taking more seriuos tradings.

Just try to build up your confidence on indicators and just try to trust them,I'm not saying 100% trust, you know what I mean.

--- 帖子 #199 ---
Hello trend man

This is where it caughts me out. I love to trust the indicators of the system. The rules says never go with 1 min trend and go with only 5 mins.

Now for 5 mins you want the trix and macd to be Positive for us to enter long trades and also in 5 mins emas have to aligned, But this time you took a different option,

I min, macd, I min trix ok, ema ok

5 min macd not ok, 5 mins trix ok and ema not ok.

I understand the subjectivity of trading but it really blows out when we cross the base rules of 5 mins macd and emas not aligned. Sorry it is just a doubt. Plz cna you help me, I am trying a follow you system.

--- 帖子 #200 ---
Mate

the rules are there only for guidance,I keep telling you, don't get me wrong,

Just try to add your own rules as well,may be for time being just stick with the general rules and get confidence,please be patience,you'll get there .

Try to write down everything I say and gather them and put them into an action.

Use OBV indicator for guidance(not taking trade decision).

--- 帖子 #201 ---
everyone,

I'm off for today, got to do school run,

Good luck for the rest of the day.

I'll be back to answer if you have any question by this evening

--- 帖子 #202 ---
If anyone here is interested, here follow my own template

--- 帖子 #203 ---
Hi Mate

So ok downloaded your charts, so looking at the EURUSD right now what does it all mean thats different to trendmans system.

What are you looking for to place a trade ?

ab1

--- 帖子 #204 ---
Retal1ator,

Thanks for the templates.

How are you reading the rainbow chart?

--- 帖子 #205 ---
Trendman:

Do you think you may be able to keep post #1 on the first page updated with any rules/tips that you share through the thread?

Just so that newbies or newcomers to the thread dont waste time with something thats been answered already. Would be great

By the way, thanks kindly for your time and your knowledge that you are sharing here with us. Are you on skype by any chance?

Kind regards,

Vish

--- 帖子 #206 ---
Here's a +10 countertrend trade.

The Rundown:

On 1m- price crossed back up thru the 30ema's, macd borderline cross. Price retraced back to bottom 30ema and used it as support to bounce and continue an upward move.  I jumped in on this bounce.

On the 5m- Trix crossed upward.

What ya think?

--- 帖子 #207 ---
Trendman.

Can you post the MTF Stoch indi here for me?

--- 帖子 #208 ---
Here you go Freddy buddy. Same one as posted on his other thread.

--- 帖子 #209 ---
Thank.

Thought I had it saved somewhere already, but the danger is when a pc burns out, you lose all and I am making a BIG effort to save all important stuff on an external HD nowadays

--- 帖子 #210 ---
Most welcome Freddy.

I also did the same thing as you do.

Btw, curious to know what is your all rounder Stoch setting that you use for trading. Would you mind sharing here?

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #211 ---
hi everyone

I'm back, any questions ,please let me know.

I closed my desk early today but seeing now very good action happened while I'm away

here is the another chart that attached,just to show you how good tradin opportunity had been developed

--- 帖子 #212 ---
on the above chart,1 min macd turned negative while the top was forming and Trix already was in red ,okay some of you will say again,what happened the rules  but also look at the 5 min macd,it looks tired and very weak and OBV was rocketed down by PA, so you got to use your own judgement and go into the trade,any format developes close to pivot points ,for me the risk is very low for taking trade ,long or short,take it

--- 帖子 #213 ---
5,3,3

but am getting more pleased with 9,3,3

and even 14,3,3 on the H1

--- 帖子 #214 ---
Hi

On H1 do you indicators, techinique scalping by fxfariz and tudor girl,they re very useful for long term trading, I don't use them but for guidance it's good7

The rule is which was told on one of the thread,when Tudor turn red or blue wait at least 2-3 bars and get a confirmation from Fxfariz and get in

I don't use this system but I wanted to share with everyone

--- 帖子 #215 ---
Good idea. When I was on forex courses I noticed that a man use usb card (flash card, do not know exact word in english) metatrader installed on it. Very usefull when You use different computers for Your trading. For example I can use it on the work and at home with same settings. Use it for more than year. Just an idea...

--- 帖子 #216 ---
Did that for a while, till my wife thought an USB stick was a nice helper for putting her workout music on it, lol.

Anyhow, the idea is excellent.

I work at home, am living in paradise, lol. If I ever start travelling again, you mentioned the solution.

Getting day by day more frustrated with this EU.

Plan to focus a bit more on the GU the coming week.

I am a scalper, so the H1 is more a guidance chart for me then an actual trading chart.

Weekends are for homework here.

Especially fine tuning charts, as there is no urge to take a trade, so no real distraction.

Was a good trading week.

Pleasant weekend to all.

--- 帖子 #217 ---
This is the kind of a trade I usually follow,guys I'm serious the success of this trade set up is quite good,no joke ,again I don't want to remind you, get confirmation using all ma and indicators.

I love this setup especially around pivots and fibo points.

--- 帖子 #218 ---
As your system, which leverage were you used , and  how much part of your margin  can  be used? what your recommendation are for these.

--- 帖子 #219 ---
I use 1:500 leverage , as I trust this system (using it for 3 years) I go with 50-80 points depending on risk level.

--- 帖子 #220 ---
thanks, I have a $500 , can I use 1 lot for ones or 0.1 lot for this system(1:500) because ,i am not for sure yet. if I confirmed this system, I would like 2 lot for scalping($500;1:500), do you think it is suicide. sl will be 5 pip, is it ok?

--- 帖子 #221 ---
I think you should give the system at least 2-3 day may be a week.Once you build your confidence , you may go for that risk you've just mentioned.

I have 100% trust on this system.

Try to follow the rules, you would see a good success but as long as you stick with the rules,once you reach your profit target you get out , if you become greedy you'll loose .Once you close your position ,do not ever look back...you know what I mean.

For stop loss use ATR pips,very useful.

--- 帖子 #222 ---
1 st page is updated,please have a look at it

many thanks

--- 帖子 #223 ---
Have a look at the chart

on the 1st red circle, the 20 ema 1st cut 62 ema and as i've said on 1st page the down trend short lived but on the 2nd cross 20ema cross 57 1st so ...

--- 帖子 #224 ---
Hi Trendman - I have to thank you for sharing this great system. I have studied and tested it non-stop since I found it and understand the subtle aspects of it. Pure genius. You are not just changing my life with this, you are saving it.

I have to give you something in return. I do have certain extraordinary talents in how I can help others. Believe me, the very most I can for you is send you pure thoughts of success, happiness, health and wealth.

Thank you and all the best in your life.

--- 帖子 #225 ---
Trendman what do you mean when you say 1st 57 ?

--- 帖子 #226 ---
O I think I got it, you mean because the 20 ema physicaly crossed 57 sma first, that usually means that the trend will be stonger ?

Is that what you mean ?

--- 帖子 #227 ---
on a down trend the ma should be in line like 20 below 57 and than 62 ,on an updtrend 20 again must cut 57 and than 62

--- 帖子 #228 ---
Thanks for clarifying that the MA's need to be properly stacked. Makes sense what your saying now. Do you always trade in accordance with the m5 Trix Cross?

Are you on skype by any chance? Thanks for your time matey

--- 帖子 #229 ---
Trix is important for me ,too.

I'm on skype but during the trading hours ,I'm off

--- 帖子 #230 ---
What is skype ?

--- 帖子 #231 ---
http://www.skype.com

--- 帖子 #232 ---
Hi Trendman i just want to know if you have just launch lauch a short trade or if it s me i was too early because of the 57 62 on 5m ?

Thanks

Luk

--- 帖子 #233 ---
I did launc a short trade based on 5 min but not very confident so probably I'll be out very qucikly, didn't risk much anyway

BUT REMEMBER THE RULE, THE REASON I'M NOT CONFIDENT BECAUSE 20 EMA CUT 1ST 62 EMA NOT 57, YOU GOT IT?

--- 帖子 #234 ---
Yeah Trendman i got it sir, thats why i asked ! Thanks

just got out with trailing stop +3.3 pips

--- 帖子 #235 ---
Trendman i just wondering if you will have an eye or not on US session even if it s an holiday ?  Thanks

Luk

--- 帖子 #236 ---
I got a say, Mondays always suck my man,so not much appetiate,but still as long as OBV shows good direction (movements) means there is a volume so just follow it

--- 帖子 #237 ---
I got a say, Mondays always suck my man,so not much appetiate,but still as long as OBV shows good direction (movements) means there is a volume so just follow it

--- 帖子 #238 ---
What is OBV??

--- 帖子 #239 ---
on balance volume, it's on mt4 indicators

--- 帖子 #240 ---
Check first post !

--- 帖子 #241 ---
Trendman, thank you for sharing this great system. It's powerful and profitable.

I am very interested in it.

Happy trading

--- 帖子 #242 ---
I'm very happy to hear that.

Good luck and have lots of pips

--- 帖子 #243 ---
Trendman just to let you know the template i've got for the 5min from post 1 has got 20 ema, 62 ema but then the 57ma is an SMA instead of an EMA, is this a mistake?

Dont quite see how the MA's will stack properly, i thought something was wrong just by looking at the MA's as the black one (57 sma) seems to be lagging and although the trend on EU is up at the moment, the ma's are stacked incorrectly

Should this be changed to a 57 EMA instead of the SMA? Many thanks

--- 帖子 #244 ---
57 IS SMA (CLOSE)

--- 帖子 #245 ---
Thanks for clarifying

--- 帖子 #246 ---
Caution with any long trades

--- 帖子 #247 ---
Great new thread on scalping system. Thanks trendman. I'm currently learning this system and hopefully soon I will use it for live account. Maybe as soon as this Wednesday.

The market is very slow today. maybe because US, Canada and Japanese markets were closed for bank holiday. Lets hope tomorrow brings us some good pips.

--- 帖子 #248 ---
when there is low volatility as all the other systems fail ,this system indicators might fail,so it's something you have to always bare in mind

--- 帖子 #249 ---
not following the trend, OBV is not rising along with the price,so be cautious!

--- 帖子 #250 ---
Trendman,

Please post a pic of your chart showing your OBV/RSI setup that you speak of in post #1.

Thanks,

revrobwimb

--- 帖子 #251 ---
Hello Trend man

I am pleased with your system, even though we cannot follow all the rules all the time, but the system gives a very good indication about what is required to trade properly.

1. Trend direction

2. Momentum

I use your

i)  EMA/SMA for overall trend on the currency  (20/62/57) to gauge long term up or down strength

ii)  5 mins trix or 5 mins macd for direction depending on what ever gives me the confidence to know the short term trend.

iii) 1 min trix and macd for momentum and I enter in the direction when there is a cross up (MAKE sure there is a cross up on 1 min otherwise sometimes we get fooled by these moves).

Thanks trendman for your great system , Made 80 pips on pound today scalping.

--- 帖子 #252 ---
new high for obv,it's good signal

I just wanted add on 5min , 62 is still below 57 ,that really worries me

--- 帖子 #253 ---
fantastic , I'm very pleased, keep it up

Please everyone, in order to improve the system we really need your comments ,how the system reacts on different pairs etc.

--- 帖子 #254 ---
Trendman,

Please answer post#250 when you have time.

Thanks,

revrobwimb

--- 帖子 #255 ---
here you go

--- 帖子 #256 ---
thanks.

--- 帖子 #257 ---
Surprisingly, on this monday holiday we are some seeing some considerable momentum northward.

This is especially odd considering that on the 5m, 62 has dropped below the 57 a good while back.

Interesting to say the least.

revrobwimb

--- 帖子 #258 ---
I've been watching the movement last couple of hours,may be I'm wrong but I'm sticking with my rules

--- 帖子 #259 ---
Holiday ??!!

NYSE is functioning normally, this upswing of the EURUSD was to be expected, as the DJIA stepped up since opening this morning.

--- 帖子 #260 ---
Dear all,

thanks for all the info all these while, it had been great help. Can i check what is the value on the TRIX?

thanks

Cap

--- 帖子 #261 ---
It is the trix called from the THV cobra system, i am using whatever default comes with that.

--- 帖子 #262 ---
I see. my online trading platform had the TRIX function in it. The default is 15,9.

If i am not wrong, we have to tally the direction from the MACD + TRIX in the 1M chart to find the entry point? Of cse 5M also must be in the same direction.

please advice

thanks

Cap

--- 帖子 #263 ---
Please have a look at the 1st page and raise your question.

Many thanks

--- 帖子 #264 ---
Trendman..   what hours are you trading? I'm on the west coast of U.S. London opens at 1:00 am for me. I have the dedication. Just need to know the best times to trade your system.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #265 ---
Euro and US session because it s a trendy system !

Luk

--- 帖子 #266 ---
Thx..  Been demo this system and have been pretty successful. It all makes a lot of sense as soon as u get the hang of the simplicity of it.

--- 帖子 #267 ---
Short positions should be followed as OBV has broken down

I hope OBV wouldn't make me  embrassed..)))

--- 帖子 #268 ---
Hi everybody i just want to tell you than i just notice the OBV feed on my live account is different than my demo account  ! While the feed is about 50 line on my live account is in the 40 zone and sometimes 30 on my demo !

Luk

--- 帖子 #269 ---
How is everyone doing?

My prediction is ,the upward move  I feel bit edgy about it,on the downside I caught 15 pips but on the upmove I took 10 and went out, it looks like we might see 1.4834, waiting for a good entry ,even if I can't get good entry point, I wouldn't be disappointed

--- 帖子 #270 ---
By the way If we breakdown 1.4788 point look for  short entries

the other point you should follow 1.4770

--- 帖子 #271 ---
Hey Trendman does it mean you did not pay attention to the 200 ema because she was not in a good order with others ma she was below ? Thanks

Luk

--- 帖子 #272 ---
yes my man, and also OBV is just not following the action,but last 10-15 minutes there is a move on OBV,5 min ma are in line, 1.4803 is the point I'm follwing

--- 帖子 #273 ---
Nice move,but I was you know s... myself..)))grabbed good 15 pips

this will go 1.4834, hoping....don't listen me

--- 帖子 #274 ---
Thanks Trendman for the quick reply !      Another question if you dn t mind is i just want to know why 1.4803 is the point you are following now ? thanks

Luk

--- 帖子 #275 ---
Hello mate

I see you've been following the thread, I would like to hear your comments,how you're getting on?Good /bad ,please let us know

--- 帖子 #276 ---
I want to share one of my comments with you guys, if you see price goes towards the Pivot line and if you see the price doesn't touch but develop a format very close to PIVOT line,in my experience this is a good sign,means the price might move to second pivot line,something to watch!!

--- 帖子 #277 ---
That point was the highest point of the day,that is why and I think I was correct

--- 帖子 #278 ---
Thanks to take the time to ask Trendman    i will try to explain well even if english is not my native language

So i think i will read again the thread because i don t saw any set up since frankfort open, while you had 3 trades set up !

Yeah you know about one short trade i could be launch but i was not sure how  well dealing with the 200ema !

Maybe my problem is because i expect a larger pull back than you try to teach here !

Anyways something i know for sure, i will need more practice !

Thanks

Luk

--- 帖子 #279 ---
And also Trendman i just notice now this is also an hight month point !

Luk

--- 帖子 #280 ---
Hi Trendman,

I've been mostly a reader in this forum and this is my first post so "hi all" .

I was following this thread for a while and I can see that it is getting some positive results. Some moves are caught a little late but most of the signals are accurate and provide slow and steady growth of the pip count.

I read that you spend several hours a day looking at charts. How about automating this system and making a nice EA. Actually I was trying to do it on my own but there are some inconsistencies in the rules that I found, sometimes you seem not to follow them exactly as they were initially described. Another problem is to find a proper Trix indicator. The THV v3 version seems to be a little different than standard triple smoothed EMA.

Any comment on that?

--- 帖子 #281 ---
You've made a good point there sometimes not following the rules.the reason behind that because I've been using the system so long,I do sometime...sometime skip the rules but this is very rare,99% I try to stick with the rules.

Coming to the EA thing, based on macd 20,62,57 and combined it with ema might be good but still don't think it'll work,if you can do that than wow...

--- 帖子 #282 ---
That's good news. Have you ever tried to calculate sharpe ratio of your trades? What about % of loosing trades? If we'd open 1% of those which you don't, would it affect the system in a serious way?

if you think that it won't work then there are 2 options:

a) other conditions would have to be defined and then it should work

b) your system is more in your guts and experience than in rules you presented ;-)

--- 帖子 #283 ---
trendman could you please post the charts with your entries of today?

--- 帖子 #284 ---
I've never calculated the winning ratio but I can say that I can easily make around 250 pips a week, that is my target weekly ,daily 50, so I don't over trade.

The rules are there as I always say for the guidance,I can tell you with confidence, there is NOT ANY SINGLE SYSTEM that works own its own ,have to use your own guts as well, agree?

Otherwise we would be all billionares by now..)))

--- 帖子 #285 ---
I can do that end of today

--- 帖子 #286 ---
Until you prove it works Sir, automated system always sucks for the evident reason !

Luk

--- 帖子 #287 ---
Sorry Sir but just even think about it , it a such waste of time !

Luk

--- 帖子 #288 ---
I read about your SL beeing quite tight. How many % of your transactions hit your SL ? How many you close on your own without any profit?

I'm an IT guy  I see the whole world as an alogrithm. The problem is always the number of variables (women have the most, I guess )

I still have couple of months left to learn, becoming a billionaire is not im my schedule for another 3-5 years ;-) I prefer to take it slow, first thousands, then millions...

--- 帖子 #289 ---
My stoploss are hardly hit on a daily basis,when I place the trade ,I wait and than place the stoploss,bizare but effective.

You're absolutely right about automated trading as by now around 60% of trades placed by automated trading systems.

My aim is not becoming a billionare ,just to make a survival income,I hate working for someone,hate it!!!!

--- 帖子 #290 ---
Took a macd divergence..  5M disagreeing with 1M. 5M up, 1M down, MAs cross down and Trix down. Took it for a 12 pip profit..   nice system. I'm sticking around. U have something very good, Trendman

--- 帖子 #291 ---
Very pleased

I keep telling this but please guys if you see any failures about the system which I can miss,please let us know your comments

Thanks

--- 帖子 #292 ---
By the way, I ve started to use a new macd combination about 4-5 months a go,I'll release the new combination soon,it looks okay so far.

--- 帖子 #293 ---
U have me chomping at the bit. lol   What is it?   I'm catching myself trying to get in too early and not waiting for the pull back. Need to read up on ur strategy for that

--- 帖子 #294 ---
Reminder,you might be recognising 1 min macd is acting very slow on quick PA ,I would advise you , definitly do not jump into that ,always watch  the price development and get the confirmation from ema(support/resistance)

--- 帖子 #295 ---
My patience has paid off. Waited for the pull back, which was more than I thought it would be, and did another 8 pips down.

I show the 5M 20 EMA going thru the 57.. is it stronger when it goes thru the 62 first?

--- 帖子 #296 ---
On the down move or up move 20 MUST cross 1st 57 sma ,if 20 crosses 1st 62 ema means weak move

--- 帖子 #297 ---
Interested to know if u have taken any of these shorts recently since the 5M 20 crossed the 57?

And when can u show us the new MACD?

--- 帖子 #298 ---
Quite honestly I've not taken that trade,I missed out the entry point,so I stayed out

The new macd ,I'll let you know that very soon(2-3 days)

--- 帖子 #299 ---
Finally, i got the idea right. Clock 3 trades on Eur/USD at GMT 2200h, 2203h & 2220h. Each 5 pips.

Thanks again for the great help.

Can I say that we are now waiting for the 5M & 1M to go towards the same direction?

Thanks

Cap

--- 帖子 #300 ---
Please,this is a scalping system, well I call it scalping system, 5 min chart is there for guidance,you need to make your trading decision from 1 min chart but getting the trend direction from 5 min , do not forget to open OBV indicator.

--- 帖子 #301 ---
Yup! only trade from 1M chart.

I can't seemed to be able to access my OBV.

Thanks a million!

Cap

--- 帖子 #302 ---
Would be great if you could explain how to use the OBV indicator the right way. I drew a trendline on it earlier and there was a breakupward as well as a decent upward, just happened to miss it while i waited for the news to finish, was little late lol.

Do you think it might be useful if you kept any rules/changes updated on post 1? It might save people asking questions that might have already been answered. I was thinking if everyone was to meet in a live room for a week and everybody took the same trades together, it might help alot to get the hang of this method and learn some price action at the same time. Like on skype or something?

Thanks for your time man.

--- 帖子 #303 ---
OBV is again important how the current trend is progressing, if there is an up or down move ,OBV must follow or act along with the price,also you need to follow for new highs or lows on OBV,OBV can give early signals about trend change.

I used to trade stocks so it's a very useful tool for stocks as well as Forex

--- 帖子 #304 ---
Trendman,

I'm loving the system. I need to make a few chart posts. Those pullbacks to the 30 ma's are beautiful entries.

I'm curious.. Have you been thinking of any other exit strategy scenarios other than pivots, fibs, previous highs or lows?? Perhaps incorporating OBV for exits?? Thv trix has an exit built in.. but I'm not confident in it.

That seems to be the next thing for me finding a good exit strategy for this system?

Any ideas?

Thanks again.. Enjoying scalping the market with this.

revrobwimb

--- 帖子 #305 ---
I got the say I don't have any exit strategy,10pips minimum than I look for exit points.Because believe me the more you stay in the trend ,maaan you'll see your pips are melting,haven't you expreinced that before?

So ,I go in and out ..)))

Don't over trade !!!

--- 帖子 #306 ---
OBV is just going crazy,good

--- 帖子 #307 ---
Yes I have experience that before, and no I don't overtrade.

revrobwimb

--- 帖子 #308 ---
wov ,what a change,I hope none of you were in it

That is what I'm talking about ,scalping is the best!!!

Anyone agree

--- 帖子 #309 ---
Here we go, a good example why this upward trend made me quite nervous and proved me that I'm right.

Look at the chart 5 min, 20 ema cut 1st 62 ema so..

Not a strong trade, this is something you guys always to watch

--- 帖子 #310 ---
Hi

That is so true In deep on several trades since last night....at one point I was up over 60 pips and thought about closing them....but I thought to myself ..NO.. you always do that, rather than cut my winnings short and keep hold of my losses too long I thought no lets try it the other way round....and right as we speak im -187 pips and counting. Im staying in as Im not at my stops yet on the Daily as these are retraces against the trend.....I Hope !

Nothing to do with scalping but just thought your comment was relevant to how im feeling right now

--- 帖子 #311 ---
I would NEVER hold a losing trade overnight hoping to turn it into a positive trade the following day...

--- 帖子 #312 ---
Hi Trendman do you think it could be possible to post your entry trade on chart and maybe to have 1M 5M and OVB side by side on the same picture ? It could very appreciated because last night i don t saw any set up while you launched 4 trades !       Thanks

Luk

--- 帖子 #313 ---
If you can show those screen shots, if you haven't already by the time I post this anyway, lol... seeing those screens would be helpful anyway.

Brian

--- 帖子 #314 ---
Where can i get the OBV indi? I don't see it in attachments.

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #315 ---
It's a standart indicator comes in MT4 , have a look at your indicator section

--- 帖子 #316 ---
Not taking any trade position until the news released

--- 帖子 #317 ---
Buckle up guys, or better down, lol.

Am seeing this EU to drop soon and it will be hard.

Watch your indies.

--- 帖子 #318 ---
Yes you're right 1.4900 is though point to break

--- 帖子 #319 ---
Hi,

Just took this CT trade ... was it ok ?

thanks for sharing your system

--- 帖子 #320 ---
yes it's okay,but have you taken your profit or sticking with it

the reason I'm asking I haven't seen a big move on obv and also 5 min 20 ema hasn't cut 57 yet, so be careful

by the way I've just realised you're using normal macd, use the macd I've given

--- 帖子 #321 ---
no i'm out +7 , because its CT so i dont like to stick too long with it...

thanks for commenting

--- 帖子 #322 ---
Hi all,

can i ask is there any other indicators that can subsitude OBV?

Thanks

Cap

--- 帖子 #323 ---
Good question Sir, something i know it s a weird indi because when i resize my obv chart the feed change too it pass like 80 when it is normal size and about 40  when i resize more little !

Luk

--- 帖子 #324 ---
those line are not for overbought or oversold ,it's only to stabilise the indicator

--- 帖子 #325 ---
Hello Trendman,

Its a great system. I'm going to go live probably today or tomorrow. Does this work on all pairs or has it been tested only on a specific pair? Please let me know.

thanks

--- 帖子 #326 ---
Yeah i know but if i resize the format of the chart the form of obv graph change too ! It s the first time i see someting like that !

Luk

--- 帖子 #327 ---
I only use it for EUR/USD,the other pairs don't know

--- 帖子 #328 ---
Try to google it Sir !

Luk

--- 帖子 #329 ---
Thanks trendman. I can't believe it is already 330 posts considering this thread was started only a week ago. well done! I'm going to read each and every post once again before I go live with this system. I will initially start to trade only EUR/USD as this is the only pair tested with this system.

I like this system more because it is being used to earn living and support a family. That tells a lot about this system.

I will read the whole forum and post any questions I have in the end. thanks.

one quick question: are you from UK by any chance? i saw a post early where you have used the term "you old git!"...lol. That's very english  I'm from south east england.

--- 帖子 #330 ---
I'm from London,mate

The system needs patience and huge concentration like the other systems,it will not supply trade positions every 5 minutes but you'll make solid pips with confidence

Try it, hope you'll like it

--- 帖子 #331 ---
still the pair is messed up, no direction whatsoever,so i'm just watching it

I have taken last drop and took 5 pips and out as the price is just not moving strong enough

Good luck for today

--- 帖子 #332 ---
my second trade for today

+6

--- 帖子 #333 ---
the points you need to be careful,1.4893 and 1.4905

--- 帖子 #334 ---
Forex trader from london. Brilliant! I will be patient and follow your system and rules. Fingers crossed and hope it works for me. If you don't mind me asking...do you do spread betting for forex or proper forex trading? My plan is to use your indicator and when all settings are correct I will enter my trade. I'm currently with IG Index.

If it is not too much trouble and if you don't mind... could you share your OBV settings as a template please? I'm not sure whether I got the OBV setup correct. Your template could help confirm that. I'm going live with this system and want to make sure I do this correctly. thanks mate.

--- 帖子 #335 ---
here you go

I do trade using Alpari,so proper forex

--- 帖子 #336 ---
the bear tested today's pivot R1 - 1.4893 at 13:07 GMT and bounced back till 1.4905 at GMT 13:23.

since then, the price is moving down to test the pivot R1 again.

trendwise - 5M and above are still uptrend.

--- 帖子 #337 ---
broke 4892 now waiting for a retrace to enter ...

--- 帖子 #338 ---
Careful with 1 min macd divergence

--- 帖子 #339 ---
Thanks mate. really appreciate it.

--- 帖子 #340 ---
At last we have now almost the 62 above 57 !

Luk

--- 帖子 #341 ---
I'm feeling a big drop,let's see

--- 帖子 #342 ---
Nice drop , yippee, let the pips be banked.

--- 帖子 #343 ---
good 15 pips EUR/USD trade took NOW on New York open

--- 帖子 #344 ---
careful guys, If you look at OBV, no movements at all

--- 帖子 #345 ---
Obv is starting to rise very slowly

--- 帖子 #346 ---
Trendman, would this be a good way to enter, for example Ive got 2 charts, m5 and my m1...

m5 trix is down and so is the macd...then on m1 chart if you look near the end price drops, then we wait for our retrace back into the 30ema area...then on the candle marked with the vertical line we could take a short right?

I know that this is probably a countertrend trade, Not took this because of the new york open.

Is this what we look for though, signal on m5, wait for pullback on m1, and then enter?

--- 帖子 #347 ---
yes this is the way you should trade,also look for macd divergence and follow OBV

--- 帖子 #348 ---
look for a pullback short on eur/usd soon?

--- 帖子 #349 ---
Trendman i post a sample of the last short trade + 10.4 pips exit on 200 ema 5M ! Can you tell me if the entry was ok or too late and about the exit too thanks !

Luk

--- 帖子 #350 ---
Sorry forgot the chart !

--- 帖子 #351 ---
Nice trade, it's the same I took...

--- 帖子 #352 ---
That is okay,you had to come out yesterday's high line

--- 帖子 #353 ---
i got a tell you, today is not a good day, very jumpy,every trade I took so far ,made me quite nervous and only managed 20 pips,still very cautios

--- 帖子 #354 ---
Nice Retal1ator !

Luk

--- 帖子 #355 ---
Ok thanks Trendman !     But for entry do wait for price close below or above if it s a long trade  the 30 ma ? thanks

Luk

--- 帖子 #356 ---
you're right man, EUR/USD and EUR/JPY are a bit crazy today

lost a lot of pips due to this fact today

--- 帖子 #357 ---
USA's Business Inventories m/m in 5 minutes. i'm staying  clear of the market....

--- 帖子 #358 ---
Same here. Once the news is over then im gonna look for a clean setup. Gotta be careful today because of this 1.49 area though.

--- 帖子 #359 ---
I've been trying to figure out how to read the OBV-RSI chart. Should I be expecting a significant move on the OBV when the price moves in a direction? Or are we looking for it to hit high or low points or certain levels. Not sure.

Could someone explain?

--- 帖子 #360 ---
Drew two trendlines on the OBV, top trendline got hit a while ago and it didn't seem to penetrate it, seemed to respect it. Lets see what happens with price action if we get a break with these lines. I HOPE using trendlines on the OBV can hold some water  Lets see...

--- 帖子 #361 ---
rsi has to be colourless , you should use only the level line on rsi.

Obv must go down or up along with the price,look for today's action, obv has not made any mjor moves , so the price is decisive still

--- 帖子 #362 ---
thx for sharing.

good luck

--- 帖子 #363 ---
Makes sense..  Thank you. Price just seems to be ranging right now and I can see that on the OBV now. And Thanks, WilteredFire, for the tip on trend lines

--- 帖子 #364 ---
using trendlines on OBV is the best solution to understand the trend

--- 帖子 #365 ---
divergence on 5 min macd, careful,good sign , we might see an up move, lets wait

--- 帖子 #366 ---
Ok thanks Trendman !  But for entry do wait for price close below or above if it s a long trade the 30 ma ? thanks

Luk

--- 帖子 #367 ---
Well,today has just proved that it's a bad day today,just follow from the side my man

--- 帖子 #368 ---
sorry trendman, please forgive my newbie question: where is the divergence at the moment?

--- 帖子 #369 ---
Look at between 13.00 pm and 15.00pm and current low macd, macd is doing very slow lows

--- 帖子 #370 ---
So, are you not gonna be trading today based on PA from 1300-1500?

--- 帖子 #371 ---
I have only taken 6 trades so far and I'm not going to trade anymore today, It's just not good to trade

--- 帖子 #372 ---
Is there also significance when the 5M 57 & 62 MA's travel together and one on top of the other?

--- 帖子 #373 ---
It means the pa is still flat,yes something you should follow

--- 帖子 #374 ---
OBA trend line touched bottom and bouncing up again. Lets hope it breaks up and goes up a good distance.

--- 帖子 #375 ---
I think another strategy is to continue to talk negatively to your screen. It seems to listen to you and does the opposite today..   lol

--- 帖子 #376 ---
Not a good day. not much trading!

--- 帖子 #377 ---
Typical forex....During the time of volume, theres sod all for a Trend, just when londons closed up and new yorks getting more and more dry for the day, THEN we have a move.

Absolute piss take! Arghh. Trendman: What seems to be the plan for the m5 EU now? We want the price to come back down to near the m5 MA's right?

Would you be able to explain step by step in this case what you would wait for once price comes back down to the ma's and how you would use the m1 the enter after an m5 retrace?

Would you wait for price on m1 to just cross up over the 30 ema's on the m1 chart, or wait for price to shoot through the 30 ema's on the m1, come back down for a small retrace and then head back up in the direction of the m5?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #378 ---
Well, I'll follow to points 1.4919 and 1.4878,these are the congested areas,15 min chart looks absolutely sh..

OBV has to show me a direction,at the moment nothing

So I got to see a good PA ,also 5 min chart 200 ema showed a good support so it's another point I got to follow

--- 帖子 #379 ---
Hey Trendman,

I've loaded the indicators and template into my metatrader. However, when I apply the template, I don't get the TRIX or the MACD. I see that the MACD must be set up seperately, but I can't seem to figure out the TRIX indicator. If this has already been addressed, I will find it, but still reading through the thread and haven't come across it yet.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #380 ---
Please get the trix from THV forum

--- 帖子 #381 ---
Appreciate your help, thank you sir!

--- 帖子 #382 ---
Hi Trendman, would you wait for price on m1 to just cross up over the 30 ema's on the m1 chart, or wait for price to shoot through the 30 ema's on the m1, and also do you wait for a close of the candle M1 ? Thanks

Luk

BTW: i know you have to be concentrate and focus while you trade but if you can sometimes post some chart of your entry and exit with m1 m5 and obv side by side it  could be explain more better than words because a picture worth a tousand words !  Thanks Trendman

--- 帖子 #383 ---
Is it possible to have alert system in place (email or sms) when 10EMA crosses 30 ema or something? I missed a good short this morning on EU. If only there was an alert I would have logged in and analysed the crossing and decide whether I want to trade. Maybe we need to setup an EA for this? Just a thought.

--- 帖子 #384 ---
Dear all,

I noticed for the past 2 days, in the 5M chart, its 10ema seems to be in between the 30emas for quite a long period of time. Somehow it concludes to me that in order to have a more solid trade, in the 5M chart, the 10ema has to cross the 30emas.

Hence, I made these short requirements as part of my judgement. Assuming it is down trend:

1. 1M chart 10ema cross both 30emas

2. 1M chart  MACD cross and showing down

3. 1M chart pull back to 30ema

4. 5M chart 10ema cross both 30emas

6. 5M chart MACD cross and showing down

It seems to be that I cannot have many trades but it is more stable. Any comments?

I did not use any other software only platform from IG market.

thanks

Cap

--- 帖子 #385 ---
Very good comments

The trade is down solidly as OBV also confirms that

we should see a recovery as this last down is the 5th wave according to my calculation.

Also probably next week I will be carrying my 1 min chart setup to this forum which is on the other forum of mine called Modarate bollinger,macd and ma

I'll give you guys a bit more hint how more solidly we can make pips.

I don't have any intention to confuse you lots of chart or indicators ,only a new chart setup will be added and hope you'll feel more confident about your trades.

today is a good day,as I've said the 5th wave should be completed around1.4863point.

Many thanks

--- 帖子 #386 ---
Nice trading day.

Seems that there are still a lot of traders in this forum that don't take the time to learn how to read there own charts, even after having duplicated all that Trendman has explained over and over again.

Trust me, you won't understand what he is doing if you cannot recognize it on your own chart, as by the time you will see his screenshot, the move is already over and you are back to the same starting point.

Please don't PM me guys for any of my charts, I just explained the whole activity above.

The ones that post here all the time during good market action are MOSTLY people that trade demo, as a professional trader shuts himself out from the rest of the world when he is making money.

--- 帖子 #387 ---
respect,respect,good day...

--- 帖子 #388 ---
by the way , it was a very good day, took the whole week target in 1 day, hard work and patience paid off.

Tomorrow is an off day for me, I got a relax,after today's hard work,I feel like my brain is going to explode

--- 帖子 #389 ---
Here is the other chart template for 1min

I'll send how screen should look seperately.

--- 帖子 #390 ---
Okay, your chart screen should look like the jpg attached.

Now the rules are the same, but what we're looking for on the second 1 min chart attached, the rules are the same as 5 min chart, on the downside move again the ma should line as 5 min chart , 20,62 and 57 ,on the upside again 20,62 and 57.

The basic rule which is the most important rule, on downside if 62 goes above 57 means trend is slowing and will change,on the upside vice versa.

Bollinger bands are there for to show support and resistance, especially very useful for to show congested areas,bbands are optional to use, if you think chart is to congested than take them off.

Regarding the ma crossovers on 1 min chart is the same as the 5min chart , don't be confused, as I've said everything is the same but 1 min chart is there to give us quicker signals,okay.

--- 帖子 #391 ---
here is a screen shot for 1 min chart,

Look at the red circled area, you can clearly see the trend is changing as 62 goes above 57sma and we wait price really goes above 3 ma,especailly the big move happens when 20 ema cuts 62 ema,at that time look at the 1st min chart and you''ll see 10 ema is crossing 30 ema and than booom...

Always watch MACD etc.

for going short vice versa, have a look at the previous days, you'll be amazed how 62 and 57 sma act.

--- 帖子 #392 ---
Hi Trendman

I hope your well.

Ive been trying lots of different systems out this week and learnt a lot towards hopefully developing my own system...as you have done with yours over time and become confident with it...thats half the battle !

Congratulations you've had an amazing 28,000 + views on your thread...wow ! and you've only just started it. Shame you couldnt charge a £1 a go...you can see why theres so many EA's on the market......

cheers

--- 帖子 #393 ---
Thanks,mate

I hope you'll have a success very soon.

Any help ,please ask.

--- 帖子 #394 ---
Hi everyone

About the system, if you have any questions,please do not hesitate to ask,especailly during the weekends I'll try to answer all of your questions.

Many thanks

--- 帖子 #395 ---
1 st page is updated.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #396 ---
Hey Trendman, many thanks for posting the m1 Chart, read through your other MA setup for the m1 chart, would you please clarify your first post on this page where you said the following...

As I read in your MA thread, I thought on the m1 what the main thing we wait for is the crossing of the 20 ema over the 57 SMA....and THEN the crossing of the 20ema over the 62 ema....then a pullback into 57 sma before taking a trade...

It sounds from what you said above that we now look for the 20 ema to cross the 62 ema instead of the 20ema crossing the 57sma first?

Would you please care to clarify if there is a change in this? I would really appreciate it.

--- 帖子 #397 ---
Thanks for this system.

My MT4 always crashes 2 seconds after I load the templets. This did not happen at first but now I can't seem to load them. Any suggestions?

--- 帖子 #398 ---
Okay, if you look at the chart I've put on the site latest one, look at the red circled area, the black line is 57 right , 20 ema crosses 57 once but didn't cross 62 ema red line and secon attempt boom crosses , that is what I'm talking about and at that cross you switch to 30ema chart and you take your position.

Okay?

--- 帖子 #399 ---
Than my friend, simply just attach 20ema, 62 ema and 57 sma ,also 200 ema,all ma close

--- 帖子 #400 ---
In this latest move.. on the new 1M, the 20MA crossed above the 57MA and then crossed above the 62MA but was short lived. I was able to catch 5 pips on the up swing..  and keeping a close eye on the new 1M chart was able to catch the down swing and caught 8. VERY NICE!!  Have to compliment you, Trendman.  The circled areas on my two 1M charts show what I'm talking about.

Also have to mention the THV Trix helped as well.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #401 ---
Please be careful about the pivot lines,as you've seen price reversed sharply down from monthly resistance.

--- 帖子 #402 ---
I agree. That first upswing I probably shouldn't have been in. Riskier. Need to learn more. Am still learning and putting your rules into place..  and breaking the a little every once in a while.

--- 帖子 #403 ---
If you look at the chart 20 ema crossed 1st62 ema this means the down trend should be short and it's already reversing

--- 帖子 #404 ---
5 min macd divergence,be careful might turn upside

--- 帖子 #405 ---
H4 looks like douple top

--- 帖子 #406 ---
points to follow1.4925,14907

--- 帖子 #407 ---
perfect example, counting the pips with this latest trade, I'll stay in until I see a reverse sign as thepa jumped from a bottom,let see.

I wasn't going to trade today but couldn't resist

--- 帖子 #408 ---
Sorry about the other post....

Trendman, are you using the MACD with Crossing? Because it seems to be repainting the lines....?

--- 帖子 #409 ---
I'm using the macd with crossing

--- 帖子 #410 ---
if we break the trendline we might go to weekly line but I feel there should be a short bounce back

--- 帖子 #411 ---
62 ema is above 57 on 1 min chart ,tells us trend  will slow look for long trades

be careful with pivot lines

--- 帖子 #412 ---
beautiful downtrend, 62 ema played a resistance,along with pivot line.

You should have taken the trade short as soon as 10 ema cuts through 30 ema

--- 帖子 #413 ---
Did the macd cross over as well?

What about trix crossing on the 5 min chart?

p.s. Really liking your system...

--- 帖子 #414 ---
Wondering if you could help me out on this one. Went short where the arrows are. Everything seemed to be lined up. What should I have done to avoid the short life of that down turn?

--- 帖子 #415 ---
Okay, thanks for asking this

You always have to look for 5 min macd and the most important thing is to look for SUPPORT LINES, very important,if you look at the S1 line the price jumped several time from that line, YOU MUST AVOID TRADING AROUND THE PIVOT LINE,PLEASE SO IMPORTANT, SUDDEN JUMPS CAN CAUSE INDICATORS TO ACT SITUPDLY.

Also my other recommendation on Fridays do not trade after 15.00pm(uk time)

That is what I do.

You haven't done anything wrong but Fridays there are actions that we can't control because of the low volume after 15.00pm

--- 帖子 #416 ---
Hi all...  Haven't posted in this thread for a bit.  And yes I know it's Friday, and yes I know volume is low and yes i know it's risky...

Nevertheless.... +10

--- 帖子 #417 ---
Well done mate, as long as you follow the rules ,you'll get some..)))

Please everyone do not jump on every trade opportunity ,follow the rules!!!!

Please have a look at the 5 min chart, couple of attempts couldn't break 57 sma , good

--- 帖子 #418 ---
there might be a sharp drop

--- 帖子 #419 ---
Hi Trendman. I am a total newbie here playing with fx game just for few days. It was a hard time for me to leran how to use MT4 or even install and setup there all your indicators and templates but it was even harder for me to understand you concept. I tried to analize each of your words on this thread and booom! Today I was finally able to make some pips from traing without loosing it  I want to thank you for introducing me this market and I really appreciate what you are doing. I have one (maybe stupid) question .... is your system working in times of some major news? Or should I avoid news time?

--- 帖子 #420 ---
No trading around news time ,30 minutes before release also 30 minutes after news released.

--- 帖子 #421 ---
has anyone had a good day with the system, we would like to hear your results also your comments bad /good?

Many thanks

--- 帖子 #422 ---
Yup! managed to get some pips. can't wait for monday to come!

lol

Cap

--- 帖子 #423 ---
I managed to get some pips bagged as well, thank you trendman

But when you take a trade when do you close it out? I think sometimes a candle in the 1TF goes the other way, people panic and if they had held on they would've got alot more? Is there something that you do to over come this?

Also, please could you tell us for Friday (16th) how many trade you took, there times and number of pips, please? This would really people like me starting to learn your system

Thank you.

--- 帖子 #424 ---
I am very emotional and unless I have very strong rules, it is hard for me to trade. So I am trying to write down your rules to make it as much mechanical as possible. Plz cna you confirm whether is this the way you trade.

This is what I understand for a BUY

1. 5  mins chart for buy 62 sma should be above 57 ema and 20 ema should cross 62 ema to get into a trade

2. Same structure as 5 mins should be 1 mins( 62sma should be above 57 ema and 20 ema should cross 62 sma)

3. 1 min char 10 ema should be be above 30 emas

4. 1 min trix should be up

5. 1 min macd should be up

6. 5 min macd and trix should be up

This is what I understand for a SELL

1. 5  mins chart for sell 62 sma should be below 57 ema and 20 ema should cross 62 ema to get into a trade

2. Same structure as 5 mins should be 1 mins( 62sma should be below 57 ema and 20 ema should cross 62 sma)

3. 1 min char 10 ema should be be below 30 emas

4. 1 min trix should be down

5. 1 min macd should be down

6. 5 min macd and trix should be down

As you can see you have 6 trade condistions for taking a buy or sell

In 5 mins EMAs MACD and TRIX and in 1 mins EMAs MACD and TRIX

So can you tell me what is the order of priority what is more important for you to even start looking for a trade trend trade?

(1.EMA 5 mins (2) EMA 1 mins (3) MACD 4 trix

or

(1) MACD 5 mins (2) EMA 5 mins4

I am sure it is very hard to get all 6 correct all the time., As you can see you have 6*5 = 30 combinatins possible events possible. i have just given a example above using (1) and (2) from your experience in your system , plz plz can you tell me what is the most important set ups like 1 , 2 , 3. So that I can give importance for that and not trade when anything else happens.

Also what are the things you would look for interms of order of preference for a counter trend trade?

1 2 3?

A question:

When in 5 mins according to emas it is uptrend will you ever take short trades when 1 mins 10 emas go below 30 emas because of trix or macd of 5 mins? I am trying to figure out he best set ups so i can take only those set ups

--- 帖子 #425 ---
When I take a trade I cloase in between 10-15 pips,that is it, maximum 15 pips.

I only took only one trade on Friday as it was my day off, whenever I reach my weekly target midweek or beginning I don't trade the other days, that is my rulee.

--- 帖子 #426 ---
First of all 5 min chart is there to give you guidance, if price is above all the ma or even 20ema crosses 57 ,based on your 5 min chart ,you can go long looking at 1 min chart again 10 ema and 30 ema crossing.

Same rules for going short

I usually 95% follow 1 min chart and switch to 5 min and according to trend direction I take my poisition , again macds are there on for both charts when to enter the trade along with trix indicators.

I know a lot of combinations but please give this system at least a week ,once you get use to it ,you'll flow with it.

I've always looked for a safe scalping system because you're risking money here and believe all the systems I tried I've lost ... a lot.

This is the system for me.. safest one that I can risk my money,even If I loose than I say myself "you've made a mistake not the system"  you know what I mean...

Keep asking question ,I'm happy to answer them

Thanks

--- 帖子 #427 ---
Sorry trend man a bit of confusion:

here you say you use 5 mins to get the trend and next para you say, you use 95% of time on 1 min.

So if I understand you take a buy/sell trade 95% of time on 1 min if trix and macd moving up from negative to positive on 1 min when

5 ,mins emas are showing up/down trend properly?

Now in this scenario when 5 mins is not showing a clear trend, 62sma above 57ema but 20 ema is not above but price movig upwill you ever take a trade on buyif 1mins PA is above 30emas (another doubt sdome times 10 ema is not above all 30s but PA above 30)

I know this system works but I am still not disvciplined as I am trying to remove as much of subjectivity as possible

are you in skype/messener plz send your id as a private message. I would really appreciate this, As i wasted llot of money and time on this business and I really

appreciate some kindance from you. I live in london as well.

--- 帖子 #428 ---
Before I say something go to post 407 and look at the chart and see how I took the trade

--- 帖子 #429 ---
You give me your skype name and I add you to my contacts

--- 帖子 #430 ---
thanks thasts my skype id are you online now?

--- 帖子 #431 ---
Trendman,

If the 5 min macd and trix are say cross down for short, and then 10ema crosses 30ema on the 1min and you take the trade.....the 1 min then goes up for a short while......would you take another short on the 1min when if the 1min trix and macd are down and 5min macd/trix has been down all that time?

--- 帖子 #432 ---
I don't take that trade, wait for the price to settle and than take an action,if the price has already made a move ,don't jump in it

--- 帖子 #433 ---
Pardon me if i am wrong, but I have made some pips (average 5-10pips per trade, sometimes double contract).

Normally, I will wait for the price action (PA) to hit the 10ema on the 1M, after the pull back to the 30ma. Then I will buy/sell on the next candle stick.

from what i can see, though it might make me lose out in some little pips, however, it is a more confirmed trade.

to me, i am only looking at 20-30 pips per day. it is the type of contract you buy, either a mini for a standard.

just my 5 cents worth.

thank

Cap

--- 帖子 #434 ---
So you would take one trade and wouldn't re-enter again if there is a setup on the 1min charts sometime later (all the while 5min chart is agreeing) ?

I'm asking cuz sometimes 5min macd stays in one direction for a couple of hours and 1min setups are coming on and off....

--- 帖子 #435 ---
I never stay in the trend even if 5 min shows everything positive for the rise, I take my profit if I'm satisfies with it, that is max 15 pips

--- 帖子 #436 ---
Trendman,

In your post 309 on page 13, you said you took a quick 5 pips short, but on the chart you put up the 5min 62 was still over the 57? Meaning you should be only looking to go long, right?

--- 帖子 #437 ---
abig move is about to happen, careful

--- 帖子 #438 ---
Yeah you was right TrendMan i take a long at 4938 and take profit at 4949 with 11 pips as is the sweet spot 50 !

Luk

--- 帖子 #439 ---
The trend short lived and I feel we might see a big downturn,lets see

--- 帖子 #440 ---
main point to follow 1.4934

--- 帖子 #441 ---
Sorry forgot to post chart !

Luk

--- 帖子 #442 ---
Nice one

--- 帖子 #443 ---
Thanks TrendMan !

Luk

--- 帖子 #444 ---
Nice~ pipsrider.

Trendman, did u also took the same trade?

thanks

Cap

--- 帖子 #445 ---
another move is coming

--- 帖子 #446 ---
How do you know when a move is coming TrendMan ?  Thanks

Luk

--- 帖子 #447 ---
I'll tell that later ,end of today as it need explanation

--- 帖子 #448 ---
No problem !

Luk

--- 帖子 #449 ---
be careful with this downtrend

--- 帖子 #450 ---
Thanks for posting your menthod trendman,

--- 帖子 #451 ---
If the pa went back into 1.4934 ,uptrend is strong

--- 帖子 #452 ---
At what time was this please ? (in gmt) ?

thanks

--- 帖子 #453 ---
point to watch 1.4942

--- 帖子 #454 ---
10.32 am gmt time

--- 帖子 #455 ---
guys a long big move is coming may be 10-30 minutes , hopefully

--- 帖子 #456 ---
I missed that nice short just now.....

--- 帖子 #457 ---
well that was the move I was talking about ,happened earlier than I thought

--- 帖子 #458 ---
But I thought you said there might be long setup and 'watch 1.4942' ?

--- 帖子 #459 ---
where did i say that, I didn't say that, I said,if we went back to a certain point the uptrend is strong ,went back in and took the pips

--- 帖子 #460 ---
This one above.............

--- 帖子 #461 ---
but saying that I feel there should be up move, we shall see

But really I'm not dreaming about up move ,for any move anway,rules, stick with the rules

--- 帖子 #462 ---
Aye aye cap'n !

--- 帖子 #463 ---
I meant a long big move (not buy, looooong)sorry my mistake

--- 帖子 #464 ---
if pa moves above 57 sma on 5 min chart, that is a good sign

--- 帖子 #465 ---
cspip i think there was only one trade setup since euro open and it was a long and it was at 10:43 gmt !

Luk

--- 帖子 #466 ---
I'm sure there was a short here.........check around 1:05pm GMT (45mins ago)

For about 15 pips

--- 帖子 #467 ---
very quick question, who is trading live here, real money?

--- 帖子 #468 ---
Me.......well sometimes

--- 帖子 #469 ---
anyone else

--- 帖子 #470 ---
cspip yeah your right about 1M setup but just check the 20 ma on the 5M at the hour you mentionned it has not still cross the 62 !

Luk

--- 帖子 #471 ---
Right you are.......but like someone said a while ago in the thread there are about 6 or 7 conditions to be met............1:05pm GMT I think only 20 above the 62 was left out........

.......so maybe yes and strictly no...........

......also these ma's do move slow....

--- 帖子 #472 ---
another big move is coming

--- 帖子 #473 ---
I will be ready probably soon TrendMan but for now, i just want to take more trade for now just to be more sure about what we need all check before entering a trade !

Luk

--- 帖子 #474 ---
Which way ?     I'm thinking short........right ?

--- 帖子 #475 ---
if i tell you which way the price goes ,i would ask for comission ,okay.

--- 帖子 #476 ---
yeah....

--- 帖子 #477 ---
Ok i think everything is in place now ! We just need a little pullback on the 1M around 30ma before to take a short trade, right Trendman ?

Luk

--- 帖子 #478 ---
TrendMan, 200 ema on 5M is it a problem for you ? Thanks

Luk

--- 帖子 #479 ---
I'm following that very closely

--- 帖子 #480 ---
she act like a good support now

--- 帖子 #481 ---
Just made 10 pips and get out at pivot R1 line on long even if the 1M second chart was not too perfect for me but i notice other things was a good probabilities for a good trade setup !

Only my second trade today but i m up 21 pips !

Luk

--- 帖子 #482 ---
Good man, always patience, 21 pips is 21pips,don't over trade

--- 帖子 #483 ---
Hi Trendman - lol - by your own definition, that's a contradiction http://www.forexfactory.com/images/icons/icon7.gif....I've just come accross your thread and although I trade cable, it seems that we may have similar methodologies and I look forward to reading through your thread.

Happy trading

Islander

--- 帖子 #484 ---
I am always trading live. yeah~

--- 帖子 #485 ---
+10

--- 帖子 #486 ---
Trendman..  What do u do during this time right now. The 5M MACD has been going down, the 1M MACD has been going up. Do u sit and wait till the match?

--- 帖子 #487 ---
You have to wait,the trade should be flat now, as 5 min price very close to pivots and 57 sma,wait for 5 min chart improvement

--- 帖子 #488 ---
point to follow 1.4945

--- 帖子 #489 ---
Today open TrendMan ?

Luk

--- 帖子 #490 ---
today open is 1.4937

--- 帖子 #491 ---
Ok so what is 4945 you talk about ?

--- 帖子 #492 ---
would it be risky to enter this way?

--- 帖子 #493 ---
can't wait for the 62 to go above 57 at the 5M chart

--- 帖子 #494 ---
Hi guys.. here's one that shows that it pays to watch your charts and the Price Action because not all entries will be "mechanical".

Notice I entered on the 1m when 10ma crossed thru the upper 30ma to agree w/ 5m trend and macd. Now the 1m macd was not in agreement, however the price action and momentum said "pull the trigger".

Paying attention to this PA banked me 20 pips on 1 trade. Trendman was right when he said that you need to learn the "flow" of the system. I know this wont always work.. however every trade you take will not always work... just take the next one.

Hope this helps somebody.

revrobwimb

--- 帖子 #495 ---
Nice trade and thanks for your input revrobwimb !

Luk

--- 帖子 #496 ---
sorry guys ,haven't been involved much lately as I was busy doing my own stuff.

Things are up but risky,I'm seeing some of you making good pips.

The system worked very well so far for today.

1 min macd shows divergence so I'm only following the price action,this new jump was  a false jump and Macd proved that coming back to 1.4945 was a level on 5 min chart and when we broke that the price jumped 60 pips and luckly I had a pending buy placed and took 50 pips.

So far so  good.

Any questions please shoot.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #497 ---
Would love to see the chart for that 50 pipper!

Nice,

revrobwimb

--- 帖子 #498 ---
nice one revrobwimb! I entered the same trade too. Me not as good as u. looks like the wait is well worth.

just had another trade 2 min ago.

thanks

Cap

--- 帖子 #499 ---
Hello revorb

On 5 mins macd was not up (was about to move up) and trix was down. Did it now scare you to enter this trade?

--- 帖子 #500 ---
a move is coming

--- 帖子 #501 ---
watch daily pivot 1.4980 and 1.4970 points

--- 帖子 #502 ---
watch out the move as we'll see at least 20 pips move

--- 帖子 #503 ---
If you are asking about my last posting then you need to look at the chart again along w/ my explanation for entry.

The 5m macd was definetely up and I made entry w/ the 1 macd down.. again reread my post for further details.

thanks,

revrobwimb

--- 帖子 #504 ---
ready

--- 帖子 #505 ---
anyone has got into this action?

Not bad,hey

--- 帖子 #506 ---
Beautiful set up, bollinger squeeze and follow the PA action ,good result.

--- 帖子 #507 ---
Ok tanks for your input and the chart !

Luk

--- 帖子 #508 ---
when I find time I'll try to put charts as much as I can but as you know it's difficult when you're trading, today I'm done with trading so posted a chart

--- 帖子 #509 ---
Did you see on the chart how I felt that a big move was coming ?

--- 帖子 #510 ---
Hi Trendman,

Just joined forexfactory and caught your thread.  Thanks for sharing it - looks interesting and will tag along with the rest of you to try it out.

Happy trading!

--- 帖子 #511 ---
good question is it because of the break of tendline on your chart ?

--- 帖子 #512 ---
That is one of the reason but look at the band squeeze area on 1min chart, always look for that kind of areas and look at the points I've given , 1.4980 and 1.4970

--- 帖子 #513 ---
Thks Trendman! You had been a great help. Following yr system allows me to have low risk. Normally it is 1;1 for me.

currently now, me waiting for 5M 62ema to cross over.

Cap

--- 帖子 #514 ---
looks like we might go back where we started ,again watch 1.4970 area, if we break that we might go all the way to 1.4935 area

--- 帖子 #515 ---
OBV has just broken the support line

--- 帖子 #516 ---
wov ,the price has just bounced back up where the 1st uptrend started,good sign but be cautios

--- 帖子 #517 ---
careful as 20 ema has crossed over 62 ,so downmove might short live

--- 帖子 #518 ---
Sweet trade... wish I would have been around for that one.

--- 帖子 #519 ---
watch 1.5024 and yesterday's high 1.5037

--- 帖子 #520 ---
a move is coming

--- 帖子 #521 ---
careful with fake breakouts

--- 帖子 #522 ---
hi,trendman

i wonder if you have ever update the setting of u system,

would u mind post the lasted one here,thks

Happy trading..

--- 帖子 #523 ---
Nice trade on friday...

--- 帖子 #524 ---
I've been doing 10/30 EMA successfully with no other indicators. Am I doomed to failure in the future? Prior to this I was just trend lining. From what I see the old basic systems work as well still.

I'm always open for advise as I am a novice at Currencies Trading and convert from Stock Trading.

--- 帖子 #525 ---
Forgot to ad I'm using 30 minute charts.

--- 帖子 #526 ---
abig move is coming, be careful , direction is looking up but be cautios!!

--- 帖子 #527 ---
How do you know? Because of  H4 and daily tendlines?

--- 帖子 #528 ---
direction is mixed, be neutral

--- 帖子 #529 ---
Trix on 5min was pointing down, i stayed out

--- 帖子 #530 ---
point to follow 1.5040, 1.5027

--- 帖子 #531 ---
the pair will show a big move ,10 -15 minutes

--- 帖子 #532 ---
ready to shoot

--- 帖子 #533 ---
careful with false breakouts

--- 帖子 #534 ---
up down ?

--- 帖子 #535 ---
the pair is doing typical monday moves,I'm only watching, no position has been taken yet

--- 帖子 #536 ---
This is the part I don't understand. When I reach my target I'll use that as a cut off point. If if goes up another 5 pips, that will be my cut off point an so on. I don't set my limit at 15 pips. If it drops below 15 I'm out. If it reaches 20 pips I'm out at 19 and so on.  My point is why throw $$ away if not necessary?

--- 帖子 #537 ---
I didn't understand

--- 帖子 #538 ---
Your TP is to high, look for 5 to 6 pips

--- 帖子 #539 ---
we're doing scalping here not long term trading

--- 帖子 #540 ---
I am watching this chanel.

--- 帖子 #541 ---
yup! that's right! what a lonely day...lol

--- 帖子 #542 ---
I do hate mondays, really it's just so boring ,high risk.

--- 帖子 #543 ---
Whats the indi for that ?

--- 帖子 #544 ---
indi ?

--- 帖子 #545 ---
i guess that's the ups and downs of a trader. i believe some things are worth waiting. its not the amount of pips, its how much the pips worth. lol.

--- 帖子 #546 ---
very well said, I just wanted to  share my fustration..))

--- 帖子 #547 ---
if we go back to 1.5027 area with strong volume ,OBV follows, looking for long options

--- 帖子 #548 ---
I simply draw trend lines.

if you are watching another indi it's i-regr. search it.

--- 帖子 #549 ---
thanks

--- 帖子 #550 ---
one question to Trendman

if you are loking for 10 pips per one trade. It's mean 2 spred+2 spred + 6 profit = total 10 pips? or you are looking 10 pips profit, total 14 pips?

thanks for answer

--- 帖子 #551 ---
10 pips profit,if position is good ,like the way the PA moves than I might wait abit longer upto 15-20 pips.

This depends also where I'm with my daily target, my daily target is 50 pips ,so far today ,no pips at all.

--- 帖子 #552 ---
Thanks for answer

--- 帖子 #553 ---
I appreciate your contribution here. It's already made me more profitable than my older system that did work but it took lots of work also.

With that said if you just used 10/30 ema and no indicators added and a 5 minute chart you would have been gone by now.

--- 帖子 #554 ---
let's hope for PA at 1.5016. just now almost...lol

--- 帖子 #555 ---
going strong...

--- 帖子 #556 ---
OBV is good

--- 帖子 #557 ---
but again, on 1 min chart 20 has cut 62ema 1st , be careful

--- 帖子 #558 ---
nice pull back,...cold sweat. wheow! lol

--- 帖子 #559 ---
i am out of the trend for awhile. 2 x good trades. waiting for another pull back (if any)

--- 帖子 #560 ---
trade which I took.

- broke trendline

- 20 broke at first 57 later 62

- 1 min MACD below 0

--- 帖子 #561 ---
hi all,

anyone just got a good trade?

--- 帖子 #562 ---
I'm off for today after this latest 50 pips drop ,banked today 65

--- 帖子 #563 ---
capcity

have you jumped into this latest up move, macd worked perfectly giving early signal

--- 帖子 #564 ---
hmm,...which time u refering? i am at +8 GMT time zone.

--- 帖子 #565 ---
11.00 am gmt

--- 帖子 #566 ---
that means it is 7pm at my side. no, i din get in as 5min 57 is below 62. me waiting for down. how abt u?

--- 帖子 #567 ---
I'm doing well, almost reached my daily target, I'm catching these up moves ,like this again latest up move

--- 帖子 #568 ---
no wonder u can hit 50pips. lol. i am not that risk taking. i still got alot to learn fm u.

--- 帖子 #569 ---
I would highly recommend to you to learn wave counting as well. You got to combine everything and than the systems works perfectly.

Have a look the wave counting, read the thread system with irony on forums

--- 帖子 #570 ---
u meant - The System II (Yes with irony) ?

--- 帖子 #571 ---
yes

--- 帖子 #572 ---
if we see retrace above 1.4920 look for long positions, upto 1.4835 area

--- 帖子 #573 ---
point to follow for the downmove 1.4772

--- 帖子 #574 ---
agreed. 5M chart. yeah~

--- 帖子 #575 ---
yes

--- 帖子 #576 ---
alright,...pulling back. lol. perfect fit.

Trendman, from just now the 11am GMT trade + system with irony, r u telling me that as long we fit all the requirements, in the 5M chart, less the 62 NOT needed to be above 57 but at the trend direction, we can go ahead with the trade.

if that is the case, then we can have more profitable trade.

Cap

--- 帖子 #577 ---
Exactly, right from the beginning I've said 5 min chart is there for the trend direction.

--- 帖子 #578 ---
Roger that. Wilco.

--- 帖子 #579 ---
sorry man if my wording was bit abrupt

--- 帖子 #580 ---
but i believe in 5M, crossing of the 10ma to 30mas is still impt. agree?

--- 帖子 #581 ---
agreed

--- 帖子 #582 ---
watch 1.4767

--- 帖子 #583 ---
4769, can? lol

--- 帖子 #584 ---
obv is rising

--- 帖子 #585 ---
now obv falling........

closed 15 pips short using your wonderful method for a nice positive pippage day of almost 30 pips including several stupid mistakes.

Using an EA to manage my trade once I enter one. It is set to lock in 5 pips once 8 pips in profit and then trail price by 5 pips. Using 13 pip stoploss.

This has helped me work with my biggest downfall...watching my profits evaporate.

Thanks Trendman.

Steve

--- 帖子 #586 ---
Happy to hear that man, which ea you're using, would you like to share with us

--- 帖子 #587 ---
I'm expecting a retrace,OBV is showing up sign which means ,we might see a reversal around the pivot 1.4741,

always be careful when OBV doesn't follow the PA

--- 帖子 #588 ---
Hello everyone

I've been trading for some time now, mostly 30M-1H charts.

Now I'm looking for a scalping method. So I installed this one, looking good.

I only have a problem to set the Trix and TrendCCI / Entry CCI.

Does anyone have a full template or the .mq4-files?

Thank you

--- 帖子 #589 ---
could you please get the trix from cobra site.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #590 ---
here's how to set the EA(it goes in experts folder, not indicator folder): http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...58&postcount=3. I don't think Scott minds sharing and you might want to add his method to your arsenal. I sure like it. Have used this EA several days trading day chart and decided today to try it scalping so please help me optomize settings.

The scalp settings I used today were:

true=to turn on sl feature

13=sl initially

true=to turn on tp feature

100=tp(leave plenty of room for a runner; I got 20 pips off one today)

8=pips profit that has to be reached before sl moved for first time

5=sl moved after BreakEven reached (in this example it is 8 pips)

5=pip trailing stop begins after BreakEven reached

true-trun on trailing sl

This EA automatically adjusts to 4 or 5 digit brokers so just put in the number of pips.

Trade it at your own risk.

Thanks,

Steve

--- 帖子 #591 ---
Trendman do you wait for the 10 ema to cross both 30 ema's on the 1 min before you get in ?

Is that the only time you look for oportunity ?

--- 帖子 #592 ---
always

--- 帖子 #593 ---
I believe this way, we can assure that the trend is not short lived.

--- 帖子 #594 ---
how is everyone doing, just grabbed 5 pips and went out ,not feeling confident about the rise ,although OBV is rising,something is not right,the PA is very slow

--- 帖子 #595 ---
if we go back to below pivot points,we might go down heavily

--- 帖子 #596 ---
i should noe where u got the 5 pips.

right after that, there is a pull back, tot it will go up and i lost 5pips.

--- 帖子 #597 ---
What I cant understand is that bias or trend is up but instead of the PA rising at a steady pace it shoots up unexpectantly then lines out. I got the 5 pips but it took a long time, is that normal behavior for PA ?

--- 帖子 #598 ---
Even when the trend appears to be strong ? on 5 min

--- 帖子 #599 ---
Also how can you tell between a pull back at the 30 or direction change, sometimes I get in thinking its a pull back then it starts to tank on me.

--- 帖子 #600 ---
just stay out from trading, this will continue until gdp figures released

--- 帖子 #601 ---
Im expecting a big drop,let see

--- 帖子 #602 ---
point to follow 1.4789

--- 帖子 #603 ---
point to follow 1.4772

--- 帖子 #604 ---
a big move is coming

--- 帖子 #605 ---
be careful with the rise, pivots are to follow

--- 帖子 #606 ---
point to follow 1.4840

--- 帖子 #607 ---
superb rise 30 pips in the bag

--- 帖子 #608 ---
Attached is my chart M1,

Just want to scalp M1

How do you get the 2nd 30ema on the chart?

My charting platform doesn't offer Trix. A substitute?

Have been scalping using other methods. This works fairly well for me in demo as is.

Would like to get it set up as per instructions.

--- 帖子 #609 ---
Well, you need to add another 30 ema and has to be either high or low,if your system allows it

Sorry, just noticed you've added 30 ema close, the two 30 ema,one of them has to be HIGH and the second one has to be LOW,no close 30 ema

--- 帖子 #610 ---
the system worked again and macd has signaled perfect entry, 25 pips is in the bag so far.

--- 帖子 #611 ---
point to follow 1.4847

--- 帖子 #612 ---
Trendman, thanks for the help. I don't have THV or TRIX available for my trading platform. Any substitutes? So far doing fine without them. I just want to scalp. I take 5-10 pips and out.

--- 帖子 #613 ---
I have to say ,I follow Trix but don't usually use them for my trading decision.

What I can advise you, add on 1 min chart and 5 min chart, stochastic with 8,3,3 combination, that would cover the TRIX

--- 帖子 #614 ---
always follow the points I write

--- 帖子 #615 ---
this rise is not giving me any confidence, I'm staying out and waiting for the price to reach yesterday's high and than I'll look at the PA

--- 帖子 #616 ---
How come your not confident Trend ? what do you see ?

--- 帖子 #617 ---
well, if you look at the 1 min macd,there is a divergence,that is why I'm not confident

--- 帖子 #618 ---
Ahhh OK

--- 帖子 #619 ---
I've been using a stop loss of 10 pips. Trading about 3/1. Any input?

--- 帖子 #620 ---
you're okay

--- 帖子 #621 ---
As usual I took atrade and its going against me, the story of my life.

--- 帖子 #622 ---
this is the trade I just took and come with 6 pips,not bad, follow the macd divergence and pivots

Please don't be confused with my chart setups, I keep playing around with them

--- 帖子 #623 ---
Ok trend but what made you get in short ? the divergence ?

--- 帖子 #624 ---
As usual, just got stomped out,

--- 帖子 #625 ---
Stoch is now on my 1 min.

--- 帖子 #626 ---
I did write to follow 1.4847,right, so that was a strong point to break and than I looked macd on 1 min chart saw the weakness and went short ,saying that look also experience and some balls you need,too..))) don't get me wrong,combine everything you know and attach everyhing on the system.

Learn wave counting ,too,very important, took me 7 years ,mate,may be if you use the system correctly you might get there earlier,please don't take what I've said to you in wrong way,okay.

Be patience, don't take trades every 5 minutes.

--- 帖子 #627 ---
point to follow 1.4831

--- 帖子 #628 ---
No i'm not and I appreciate what your doing. its all part of learning, i see the divergence on the histo in the macd, so everytime I lose I learn something

7 years huh ? How long did it take before you started ending up on the plus side ? not the whole 7

--- 帖子 #629 ---
Last 3.5 years,I'm doing okay,always trying to stay positive,if you have a discipline than you'll do fine.You must have a daily goal,once you reach that you leave the trading.

--- 帖子 #630 ---
point to follow now is 1.4815, 14805

--- 帖子 #631 ---
Yea because of my success rate, mines is 3 pips

--- 帖子 #632 ---
Here we go, I've been using an indicator for a while and I've seen a big improvement on the system.

PLEASE GO TO PAGE ONE ADD THAT INDICATOR AND RULES ON TO YOUR SYSTEM.

PLEASE ALWAYS STICK TO  OUR BASIC RULES.

I'm only trying to improve the system and I need everyones advise on this.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #633 ---
got it up trend, hopefully it will enhance what I'm doing.

--- 帖子 #634 ---
what up trend

--- 帖子 #635 ---
got up the new indi trendman

--- 帖子 #636 ---
By the way, the indicator is not mine ,thanks to swingman and MTF thread.

--- 帖子 #637 ---
How do Fridays usually trade?

--- 帖子 #638 ---
On monday and Friday I usually trade very defensive ,don't wait in the trend long, always grab whatever I can

--- 帖子 #639 ---
How much do you guys consider worth waiting for a pulling back to the ema 30 long or short. A break up or down of more than 10 pips, 5 pips or whatever?

--- 帖子 #640 ---
Trading eurusd.

Since 8:30-2:45 est., 8 trades, 5 profitable at aprox., 10 pips ea.  and 3 unprofitable at -10 pips ea.  38 pip tot.

The 10 pip profit and loss are my goals per trade.  I like regimented trading.

Thanks Trendman

--- 帖子 #641 ---
do you use stop loss ?

--- 帖子 #642 ---
of course, 10. If I buy in long @1.4525, I'm out no matter what @1.4535 or 1.4515, easy math. In a fast market I'll set them both after the purchase.

--- 帖子 #643 ---
trendman, thanks for your contribution.

can I ask, let's say without adding this indicator, using our usual system, how could we better ensure our trend direction on the MACD in our 5M?

currently now, what I am doing is in 5M, after the 10-30emas crossing, i will only enter in the 1M after I see a =<45 degree slope on the 5M MACD.

i can't say this is 100% sure work, but at least there is more assurance.

like to see what's your method or views.

thanks

Cap

--- 帖子 #644 ---
What you're doing is right and more secure,I go with my tradings more aggresive and sometimes don't even look 5 min chart and only watch 1 min chart with 20,57,62 with 10,30 ema chart but I do that because I'm very used to the system and I've almost (this might sound silly ) memorise every price action.

--- 帖子 #645 ---
What you're doing is right and more secure,I go with my tradings more aggresive and sometimes don't even look 5 min chart and only watch 1 min chart with 20,57,62 with 10,30 ema chart but I do that because I'm very used to the system and I've almost (this might sound silly ) memorise every price action.

Just want to make sure I have numbers correct. On an earlier post you stated the numbers were 20 62 57 for MACD. Which is correct? Only asking because last 2 years I traded with no indicators and am not really familiar with them.

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #646 ---
we use two 1 min charts, on 1 min chart 20 ema,62 ema and 57 sma ,on the second 1 min chart 10 ema close , 30 ema high and 30 ema low with 20,62 and 57 macd combination

--- 帖子 #647 ---
maybe calming down.

--- 帖子 #648 ---
anyone trade other than eurusd? with this method?

--- 帖子 #649 ---
Trendman,

just a basic question. how do u handle fundamental news? I understand from the earlier posts, u were mentioning that 30 mins before and after the news.

to be specific, only those EUR and USD news?

currently now, i noticed that there is little effect on scralping. as long the requirements are met, normally i will go ahead.

comments?

thanks

Cap

--- 帖子 #650 ---
well, if the news is high impact news you should stay out but if it's medium impact than you might go with the trade as long as the rules are met

--- 帖子 #651 ---
points to follow, 1.4775, 1.4739, 1.4724 and also 1.4752

--- 帖子 #652 ---
I'm expecting the price might travel between those 4 points at least until US open

--- 帖子 #653 ---
looks to me like waiting for side way break out...lol

--- 帖子 #654 ---
Trendman:

Where do you suggest I learn about counting waves? Do you have a link to go to? Need to learn this more..

Thx

--- 帖子 #655 ---
The System II (Yes with irony)

here you go

--- 帖子 #656 ---
there is a 1 min macd divergence,careful with your long position

--- 帖子 #657 ---
me now looking at 4778-9.

--- 帖子 #658 ---
watch 1.4763-69 area, if we break that down, shorts are open

by the way watch the pivot line as well

--- 帖子 #659 ---
to me, seldom do i see both the 62 at the correct places on a monday. lol

--- 帖子 #660 ---
trendman,

u have any view?

me looking at 4751. lol

--- 帖子 #661 ---
here you wilteredfire

--- 帖子 #662 ---
Thanks for the chart bud...Sweet trendline. The m1 setup makes sense now. This was my trendline with the OBV on the EU m5...

--- 帖子 #663 ---
1.4836 to follow

--- 帖子 #664 ---
What do you mean when you say watch these points ? are these locations where price may pivot ?

--- 帖子 #665 ---
yes that is what I mean and the point I've said 1.4836 was correct predection now look at the price.

--- 帖子 #666 ---
I just brought another monitor, does anyone know how to load up different charts, do I have to stretch the terminal across the screens are is there another way ? If anyone can answer otherwise i dont want to make a big topic on this as this is only for trading the system

thanks

--- 帖子 #667 ---
Thanks, but whats there a pivot ?

--- 帖子 #668 ---
Pivot points are drawn automaticaly by the indicators but also I draw my own support and resistance lines,I use 30min or 1 hour charts

--- 帖子 #669 ---
ok, something else to ponder. thanks trend

--- 帖子 #670 ---
Trendman, you mean around 12pm eastern time the pivot happened? As that was the last one as far as I can see.

--- 帖子 #671 ---
1.4836 is coming from 28/10 last week at 7.00 am UK time

--- 帖子 #672 ---
1.4740 to follow

--- 帖子 #673 ---
Trendman,

something that i found really funny. i can't seem to gain any points recently. lose some more still.

i make sure all requirements are met, 10 cross 30ema, 62 above 57, buy/sell and support line, did not involve during news session. i even double my stop loss margin.

what can be wrong?

please advice

thanks

Cap

--- 帖子 #674 ---
could you send me some charts so I can make comments

--- 帖子 #675 ---
points to follow, 14699 and 1.4682

--- 帖子 #676 ---
Huge thanks Trendman ... even a newbie is able to make pips with your system (mixed with few other indicators)! Thanks again!

--- 帖子 #677 ---
That is great

--- 帖子 #678 ---
Poll: anyone care to step forward and report success or lack of with this system? Yes or no would do.

--- 帖子 #679 ---
I totally agree, please everyone share your experiences with us,so that we can try to improve the system

--- 帖子 #680 ---
Hi Trendman

Sori for being a noob, rather a newbie in forex trading with a abt 3 mths of trading experience. What do you mean by 62 above 57? I have already installed your indicators. Could you show me some example?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #681 ---
watch 1.4644 and 1.4611

--- 帖子 #682 ---
careful with your trades as OBV is mixed,if price goes bakc in 1.4666 ,we look for shorts as long options will be risky to take

--- 帖子 #683 ---
Trendman did you take the 13:33 est. long? Just checking to see if I'm on the right page with this format yet. That was the last trade according to my chart.

--- 帖子 #684 ---
Trendman, any way you can send the files on p1 in a different format? I know your trading, if possible do it at your leisure.

--- 帖子 #685 ---
yes I did get into that rise but I only stayed in for 15 pips as I've reached my daily target at that trading time.It was a perfect setup, 5 min macd insisted staying positive and went up strongly along with OBV rise.

--- 帖子 #686 ---
Hi Trendman,

You seems to be a nice man, I'm in...I like to follow you...

I wish you success!

Take care

--- 帖子 #687 ---
Trendman so far so good. last trade was this short although the 1min and 5min MACD were divergent was it the correct trade. I took my automatic 10 pips.

--- 帖子 #688 ---
Thank you,I'm always here

--- 帖子 #689 ---
Guys

The pairs has gone up but if anyone realised OBV has not shown any progress whatsoever which really makes me nervous.

On 5 min chart the upward trendline just broken,watch the points 1.4696 and 1.4666,these 2 points are very important

--- 帖子 #690 ---
How far up or down do you allow if MACD doesn't cooperate early in the break out? If the pair doesn't pull back.

--- 帖子 #691 ---
didn't get caught in this one because MACD lagged price jump. Never got in. Please critique any chart if necessary.

--- 帖子 #692 ---
My friend ,I don't stay in the trend that isn't my trading strategy,the highest pip I take from a good trading is maybe !!! 20 pips, I usually wait for 10 or 15 pips,if I'm very confident about otherwise grab the pips whatever I can get,sometimes 5-7 pips.

--- 帖子 #693 ---
what time is this chart,UK time ,please, because 15.31 uk time ,I can't see that movement, could you  attach a bigger chart ,please

--- 帖子 #694 ---
I meant before buying in how far do you let a pair run up or down from 10ema crossover if say MACD lags behind. Especially if there is no pullback.

--- 帖子 #695 ---
what time is this chart,UK time ,please, because 15.31 uk time ,I can't see that movement, could you attach a bigger chart

EST time.

--- 帖子 #696 ---
5 pips

--- 帖子 #697 ---
I'm sorry but struggling to find the trading position on my chart,I'm looking at the right time zone but looks like my chart shows totally different than yours,I couldn't understand

--- 帖子 #698 ---
my question was answered with 5 pips. Thanks.

--- 帖子 #699 ---
Trying to learn the scalping method by trendman, but need some help.

Would this be a good entry on the chart attached

--- 帖子 #700 ---
That is a perfect entry,as you see on your chart 10 ema had a 1st attempt and came down and had an another 2nd attempt ,that is where you need to jump in.I just noticed, your macd ,something wrong with it because at the buy section my macd shows positive but yours negative,something is wrong with your macd

--- 帖子 #701 ---
Would this trade not be advised because of differing MACD'd

The M1 positive and M5 negative macd's

--- 帖子 #702 ---
points to follow 1.4750 and 1.4732

--- 帖子 #703 ---
we should see rise to 14760

--- 帖子 #704 ---
Trendman,

my platform dont allow obv, is there any subsitude for this? RSI?

thanks

Cap

--- 帖子 #705 ---
no mate

--- 帖子 #706 ---
Today is looking to be diffucult trading ahead of US rate decision,I see double on 15 min chart stochastic indicator(8,3,3) which is a dangerous indication that price might come down or loose 50% of the rise today, the price also touched the down trendline on H4 so things are for me negative if we breakdown 1.4752 we might go all the way down to 1.4732

Watching….

--- 帖子 #707 ---
oh,...any recommendation? if u can spare some time? lol.

thanks a million

--- 帖子 #708 ---
mate really can't think any other indicator may be money flow index indicator but still OBV is a bit more accurate,look why don't you download demo metatrader and open OBV indciator seperately,if you have 2 screens keep on obv on the 2nd one

--- 帖子 #709 ---
thanks for the suggestion, mate. thought of that way too.

--- 帖子 #710 ---
I'm looking for shorts

--- 帖子 #711 ---
careful with any trading position

--- 帖子 #712 ---
If 1 min and 5 min MACD's diverge you advise a no go at break out?

--- 帖子 #713 ---
1 min macd divergence

--- 帖子 #714 ---
perfect got 20 pips and out

--- 帖子 #715 ---
wow,...that's good. well done. but from what i see, like there is no requirements met. how did u get the 20pip?

thanks

cap

--- 帖子 #716 ---
didn't understand

--- 帖子 #717 ---
Trendman from page 1

"Also always follow 5 min chart macd and ma, these are very important,if there is a divergence between 1 min and 5 min chart such as on 1 min macd is negative but 5 min macd is positive ,my advise stay away."

As stated above, best to avoid this situation?

--- 帖子 #718 ---
The price was stuck in between 2 lines, 1min macd showed a divergence(weakness ) 5 min macd was in negative , the price was closed to trendline on 5 min chart so you place your short position accordingly and also 1.4766 has been tried several times but no rise also OBV was ranging

--- 帖子 #719 ---
but trendman, although 1min chart MACD is going under, 62 is still above. hmm,...can i say its pretty risky that way?

--- 帖子 #720 ---
Yes ,also don't forget try to read PA and how the system works against the PA , I'm very used to the system that is why I take some very risky actions, this shouldn't confuse but saying that watch my actions why I got into the trade.

--- 帖子 #721 ---
I agree very risky,don't act like me ,you need long time if you're a new trader

--- 帖子 #722 ---
my bet is now, on 5 min chart this pull back 2wave and looking for another short for 3rd wave

--- 帖子 #723 ---
if i don't see another drop I'm staying out from the trading as it looks very confused

--- 帖子 #724 ---
yup. i feel more comfortable that way. just lost 10pips, as i din wait for 10 to cross 30 in the 5M chart.

--- 帖子 #725 ---
we're back in the trendline

--- 帖子 #726 ---
watch H4 trendline

--- 帖子 #727 ---
watch 1.4843

--- 帖子 #728 ---
trendman,

can i say that given all requirements met, and there is a little pull back to 10ema, then it hit the support/Resist line, perhaps we can go in for a quick kill?

--- 帖子 #729 ---
exactly, we can do that, quick 5-6 pips can be made easily

--- 帖子 #730 ---
thanks mate.

sometimes, after the pullback to 30ema, i have diffculties looking for the S/R line. any tips? perhaps we can take the arc of the 10ema as a good references?

--- 帖子 #731 ---
Just to be clear, if I'm trading the 1m chart we don't wait for the 10ema to cross the 30 in the 5m charts also?

--- 帖子 #732 ---
Hi Trendman

thank you sharing your system.Again.

I have rest 1 month.practice trader101 14pairs.So very busy.

Yesterday I re-read your thread

I think.in the month..You add some.rules..

looks like rules change.......

I want know.

What pairs your trader best?EU?or GBP?Or any?

and what's time is your trader time?

asia open?london open?or newyork open?or that?

Thank you your answer..

Kind regards.

--- 帖子 #733 ---
I only trade eu/usd

London time ,my broker use +1 uk time so 1 hour ahead of UK  time

--- 帖子 #734 ---
My friend, are you using 10,30 ema on 5 min chart, are you talking about that, I'm confused because I use 20,62,57 ma on 5 min chart

--- 帖子 #735 ---
everything shows down, amazing macd.etc

--- 帖子 #736 ---
capcity

Member

Member Since Sep 2009
48 Posts

http://cdn.forexfactory.com/images/icons/icon1.gif

Quote:

Originally Posted by trendman http://cdn.forexfactory.com/images/buttons/viewpost.gif
I agree very risky,don't act like me ,you need long time if you're a new trader

yup. i feel more comfortable that way. just lost 10pips, as i din wait for 10 to cross 30 in the 5M chart.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------

I was replying to the post above.

http://cdn.forexfactory.com/images/buttons/quote.gif

--- 帖子 #737 ---
by the way I'm not trading just watching the action because I closed my trading desk

--- 帖子 #738 ---
I was long here 12:42 est time. Got out with small 3 pip loss after MACD's went South.

--- 帖子 #739 ---
don't always jump in the 1st attempt of 10 ema crossing over 30 ema on the way, just trust me on this

--- 帖子 #740 ---
1 min macd divergence,careful

--- 帖子 #741 ---
After a brief time out +10 pips 15:40est. 5min MACD never did cooperate. So 3 out of 4 indicators did. Including the 10 down over 30ema's, 1 min. MACD, 62under 57 in 5 min chart and a good ADX.

I had a few things screwed up. For all I know they may still be. Either way holding my own.

--- 帖子 #742 ---
That is good,always stick with the rules

--- 帖子 #743 ---
Sorry.I am Stupid.Thank you again answer

requestion

you means

you start london open ..close time?newyork end?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

the screenshot is your new set allright??

I found m5 signal arrows.

have many flase signal.

how to filter?

you say first see m1 chart

but you say look m5 macd +0 or -0

sorry my english

if m5 macd to filter signal.

1 day don't have many entry.all rigth?

I think

1.look m5 macd filter signal

uptrend only buy not sell

downtrend only sell not buy.

2.if only buy

look m1 chare.

wait macd +0.10 ema cross 2ema 30.entry.

always stop loss 10pips.takeprofit 7-10pips

Sorry.My stupid..Thank you again.

and one trade .you use how many money.i want say the risk:reward...

in you 3 years trade the system sucess % how much?

and if one trade entry...how long time.must exit?

sorry my english..thank you

..........

are you always stoploss 10pips?

--- 帖子 #744 ---
1st: the arrows on the 5 min chart are there to show the direction, I only use 5 min chart for trend direction,okay,not for trading action, macd, moving avarages on 5 min chart is only for trend direction which means when I take a position I look at 5 min chart to see whether the price is on the negative side or positive side.

2nd:

I always take position based on 1 min chart action, getting the confirmation from 5 min chart, on 1 min chart macd is very important for me,I alwyas look for divergences or weaknesses as well as on 5 min chart.

3rd: my 3 years traiding, I only concentrate for 50 pips daily target,THAT IS IT,so far I get that everyday last 3 years, I do have ups and downs but I do get there as long as I stick with my rules

4th:

I use ATR stop loss

5th:

I do not stay in the trend eventhough I know it will go 50-60 pips, maximum 20 pips maybe I stay in.

I hope those answers help

--- 帖子 #745 ---
Trendman, I didn't taket this trade because the M5 MACD was negative compared to positive M1 chart. Was I wrong?

--- 帖子 #746 ---
how to set atr(??)

add in m1 m5?

atr14  atr16??

--- 帖子 #747 ---
u r right, trendman. can i say that it will be better to enter(buy) at the 1st attempt only when all requirements met and most impt, in 1M, 20ema is BELOW 62? coz sometimes felt abit wasted. lol.

thanks

cap

--- 帖子 #748 ---
I think M5 will still have lots of signals.

Trendman, can you go thru with us again how do we filter some unwanted signals in the m5 chart?

Apologies and thank you very much.

--- 帖子 #749 ---
Just use thv atr on 1 min

--- 帖子 #750 ---
you're right

--- 帖子 #751 ---
this is for you OZ

--- 帖子 #752 ---
points to follow 1.4855 and 1.4833

--- 帖子 #753 ---
1 min macd divergence

--- 帖子 #754 ---
This chart would not pass because it didn't pass up over top 30ema before heading down across lower 30ema???

Yes, No

--- 帖子 #755 ---
No it wouldn't

--- 帖子 #756 ---
Trendman, you've been at this particular trading form for 3+ years now. Any statistics such as how many opportunities for trades during the London Market.

Win loss ratio. Longs, shorts etc.

I know you may be trading, I am.  No need for quick response. Also if no compilations it is understood. I am doing better than fair with this method. Trading during the London Market including the US Market overlap, should improve my results more. Now I'm trading 1pm till 10pm est time. Would be better doing 3am till 12pm est. That will require different sleep habits.

--- 帖子 #757 ---
Points to follow today, as a top line please follow 1.4898 and bottom line 1.4855, these 2 lines are crucial if we break any of these line ,the trend direction will be confirmed, in between these lines follow 1.4887, 1.4873 and 1.4865

--- 帖子 #758 ---
Okay, just 18 pips with the latest rise, got the confirmation with OBV and followed the 10-30 ema action ,MACD gave a very good entry point,good result

--- 帖子 #759 ---
a move is coming

--- 帖子 #760 ---
yes, I had that one, a little quick on the trigger though, 10 pips.

--- 帖子 #761 ---
Perfect

--- 帖子 #762 ---
dear friends,

i hav been using my own IG platform, but seems tat i cant fully follow this system if i dont get the same picture as u guys. 1 example is that IG dont have OBV function.

please pardon me, but how do i use the metatrader thing?

thanks

Cap

--- 帖子 #763 ---
A short, 10 pips.

--- 帖子 #764 ---
Just download demo version of metatrader, it's that easy

--- 帖子 #765 ---
I don't have Obv either. I use ADX as a substitute. Measures strengh of trend. Above 24 is good, below weak trend.  You can download a free MT4 demo and use it for just signals.

--- 帖子 #766 ---
hey 20 pips so far, well done mate, keep up the good work

--- 帖子 #767 ---
Hi Trendman

do you mind if you can live demo your system once again?

Appreciate your help.

--- 帖子 #768 ---
I'm appreciating your system more and more

Today 10+10 by now

(In at green line, exit at red)

one...

--- 帖子 #769 ---
... and two

--- 帖子 #770 ---
This one was riskier (5 min MACD was down).

Sorry for the particular chart but i find very useful to see the correlation of the MACD waves in this way. Also the Swingman Supertrix arrows on both timeframes are helpful.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #771 ---
Thanks for your comments, with these kind of comments we can improve the system,many thanks again

--- 帖子 #772 ---
thanks mate. already download the MT4 from alpari UK & the 1M, 5M TPL files. sorry that i need to ask some technical questions:

1. how do i load up the MACD EX4 & MQ4 files? i can't seem to be able to get the same MACD picture using the same parameter 20,62,57. i always end up with only a single line and a histogram at the background. did i miss out anything? i understand that the importance of the 62 & 57, hence wanted to make sure they are right.

2. on the 5M, i understand that ideally, for a (buy), 62 have to be above 57. How about 20? where should it be?

3. last but not least, finally, i got my OBV. lol. felt more assured. but after we drew the trend lines, does it meant that we don't enter if it breaks the line?

thanks

Cap

last but not least, thanks for your time.

Cap

--- 帖子 #773 ---
Dear friends,

wheow, really need you guys' technical help here, man. i can managed to load the 1M & 5M chart but can't managed to find ways to load the indicators, like the MACD and THV Trix.

anyone can help?

this is what i had tried.

1. save the THV (.php) files from cobra site into experts-indicators folders

2. i go to navigator panel and try to drag but can't find the THV indicator.

3. was stuck from here.

I managed to see 3 possible trades at GMT 0032, 0130 & 0330 but din get in as i wanted to load the Trix to act as the trigger.

i hope to get some help from here.

thanks a million

Cap

--- 帖子 #774 ---
If you had downloaded thv4 file that is a zip file which runs buy itself and goes directly into your mt4 system , so just run the file don't copy paste it,make sure it's thv 4 version not 3

--- 帖子 #775 ---
is it THV Trix 4.01?

--- 帖子 #776 ---
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=127271

scroll down and you'll see V4 zip

--- 帖子 #777 ---
thanks mate. that's the one i got from. how do i paste picture here?

--- 帖子 #778 ---
while you're on the chart press on your key boar print screen button and than go to your paint programme and press ctrl and v at the same time the chart will appear and just follow the direction on forex factory

--- 帖子 #779 ---
i got quite alot of different items of THV after loaded it. hmm,....do i have to load all of them?

--- 帖子 #780 ---
haha,...trendman,

this THV looks cool. but how do i get to see my candlestick? there is a black "instructional" notice blocking it.

thanks

Cap

--- 帖子 #781 ---
obv is showing a big reversal move, let's see

--- 帖子 #782 ---
yup, it had just broke the uptrend line.

friend, can just enlighten me how to clear the background, so that i can see my candle sticks?

thanks

Cap

--- 帖子 #783 ---
beautiful rise,I'm plus 20 pips and locked my profits to 20 pips , I would like to see where this thing is going to go up as it shows excellent rise

--- 帖子 #784 ---
Trendman, what do I use to open the attached files in page 1 with? I have downloaded the MT4 trading platform to take a look at it.

--- 帖子 #785 ---
what files, you mean the files on this thread

--- 帖子 #786 ---
yes, the samples on page 1 for download.

--- 帖子 #787 ---
save them on your dekstop than copy them and go to your mt4 experts/indcitars folder and paste them while you're  doing this close your mt4 and after copy paste just open mt4 ,they should be  in your custom indicator folder

--- 帖子 #788 ---
price is next to trendline on 5 min chart,careful

--- 帖子 #789 ---
Hi trendman,

thanks for the help. can i ask:

1. is the trigger click falls on the 1M Trix crossing?

2. how to make full use of OBV? At what level is the best?

thanks

Cap

--- 帖子 #790 ---
I use trix only whether it's suitable to enter a trade ,like overbought/oversold section

OBV is only to hsow you the trend strength ,do not use it for trade action,if price falls OBV falls if price goes up obv goes ,if there is a price action but OBV is not following it ,be cautious,just experience for couple of day, you''ll see what I'm talking about.The professional stock brokers and forex traders always follow this indicator, as I've said OBV is there for a comfort ,not for trade decision

--- 帖子 #791 ---
thanks trendman. am i right to say that after 5M trix cross, i can actually enter at the cross of the 1M trix?

--- 帖子 #792 ---
yes but 5 min trix is more important to follow,  I find 1 min trix sometimes not very reliable

--- 帖子 #793 ---
so we ONLY enter at the 5M trix cross? What if we want to re-enter after scalping like 5-6pips? what will u do ? ;-)

thanks

Cap

--- 帖子 #794 ---
Trendman,

pardon me for the nob question. what is the function of the 200MA green line for ?

--- 帖子 #795 ---
Look at the 1 min chart 200 ma ,what sort of roll it plays, it can play s/r lines

--- 帖子 #796 ---
trendman,

how do i in-co-operate the MT4 chart to play stocks? The stock is from asia.

thanks

Cap

--- 帖子 #797 ---
trendman,

will u trade when it hit the green s/R line?

what r the small arrows in the 5M Trix for ?

thanks

Cap

--- 帖子 #798 ---
Thanks

--- 帖子 #799 ---
So what's up with the c4Scalper. Seems to work fairly well. Is this yours Trendman?

--- 帖子 #800 ---
That is not mine but I combine the indicator with my system and works perfectly

--- 帖子 #801 ---
watch 1.4988

--- 帖子 #802 ---
watch 1.4974

--- 帖子 #803 ---
hi trendman,

how to have alert sound for the C4scrapler indicator?

thanks

Cap

--- 帖子 #804 ---
There is a section on input section, alert signals make that true not false

--- 帖子 #805 ---
thanks trendman. although i can't find it yet. nvm. lol.

i realised this indicator provides a very precise way on when we should click. lol. i am not sure if i am using it correctly, but it did bring in pips.

1 thing i make sure will be not to blindly follow the arrows in this indicator, but assure that the 5M Trix, 1M MACD, 1M 10-30ema & 20,62,57 are in quite in line then we can enter. am i doing it right ?

thanks

Cap

--- 帖子 #806 ---
Yes you're doing it right,arrows are there for a confirmation,always keep your eye on them.

Right now I'm working an update on the system,that is why I've been very quite,so keep coming back to the thread everyone, soon there will be an update.

Many thanks

--- 帖子 #807 ---
thanks Trendman for sharing your sistem.

today 21 pips profit. maybe today is a turn point when I start make profit in forex after past years losses.

--- 帖子 #808 ---
Great news, I'm very pleased for you mate.

Stick with the rules, pips will follow.

When I updated the system ,hopefully we'll make more profits.

--- 帖子 #809 ---
watch 1.5012

--- 帖子 #810 ---
+5 pips one more time.

--- 帖子 #811 ---
Trendman,

thank you so much for this system. i love it! thanks!

i did encounter some funny situations when using this system. did not noe if anyone here also experienced the same thing, perhaps just share share.

I am using IG market as my ticketing platform and using MT4 as the charting platform. Just now at GMT 1820H, after the signal given at 5M chart, i enter short.

My SL is 10 and TP is 5. somehow there was a moment where my SL became 16-17 on its own, where i can see it on my screen. but still, i did clock my 5 pips.

is it because there is some forex bots also installed in our PC when we installed MT4 or other templates?

thanks

Cap

--- 帖子 #812 ---
No idea mate

--- 帖子 #813 ---
5 min macd is showing weakness, careful

--- 帖子 #814 ---
Trendman, is it because 5M 57 is approaching?

--- 帖子 #815 ---
yes and macd showed a weakness

--- 帖子 #816 ---
if we break 1.5032 look for 1.5019

--- 帖子 #817 ---
but wouldn't that hit the 200ma line? i tot we shld avoid it?

--- 帖子 #818 ---
well it may hot and bounce back up but on 5 min chart also this down move looks like a 1st wave 2 nd wave up and than wait for 3rd wave which should be a down move

--- 帖子 #819 ---
the wave has just broken, things are very slow and mixed

--- 帖子 #820 ---
watch 1.4967

--- 帖子 #821 ---
Trendman:

You mentioned to someone on the forum here that you use THV V4. I spent a couple hours last night just trying to find the THV V4 on that THV forum. I can't find it anywhere. All he has posted on there is V3 and that's what I have. Can u post the THV V4 that you have? The V4 zip file he has posted doesn't have the V4. Just the V3.

And by the way, I didn't miss out on that beauty of a move last night. Got some nice pips with your system.

Thx,

Erbguy

--- 帖子 #822 ---
I have the same problem. Maybe someone can help.

--- 帖子 #823 ---
I'm glad to hear that you're enjoying the system

here is the url for

THV http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=127271

there is a file there just scroll down says V4 and run that file ,that is it

--- 帖子 #824 ---
Hi Trendman,

i still can't seem to be able to find the way to adjust te alert thingy. would it be ok if u can explain to me in more details?

thanks for your time.

Cap

--- 帖子 #825 ---
Look at the chart you'll what I'm talking about

--- 帖子 #826 ---
watch 1.4935

--- 帖子 #827 ---
Hi trendman, i was very busy in these days, but still following your excellent work.

I've just grabbed 6 pips.

Happy trading

--- 帖子 #828 ---
7 pips in pocket  Thanks Trendman! But please ... can you exaplain why we were supposed to watch this 1.4635 level? Is it because it was previous low?

--- 帖子 #829 ---
thanks trendman, done! lol.

--- 帖子 #830 ---
keep up the good work ,mate

--- 帖子 #831 ---
Please everyone, posts your results ,good/bad , don't be shy

--- 帖子 #832 ---
I keep looking at my OBV indicator and somehow no down movement,very interesting this is,be cautios

--- 帖子 #833 ---
watch 1.4952

--- 帖子 #834 ---
on the down move watch 1.4914 area

--- 帖子 #835 ---
I took the one

--- 帖子 #836 ---
I have one big big problem - EXIT. Every time I take just 3-8 pips and closing position. Price is going right side after I close trade 10-20 pips.

--- 帖子 #837 ---
according to my new indicator which they'll be available soon ,we're on an upmove ,let see,just testing

This indicator is only to show the trend not to take any trade action

--- 帖子 #838 ---
just took a +3 and then a +5 pips. thanks trendman.

--- 帖子 #839 ---
just had a short +7.8 in this down flow. Should had stayed...lol

--- 帖子 #840 ---
beautiful down move , 20 pips and out

--- 帖子 #841 ---
you are the master...hahaha....

--- 帖子 #842 ---
man, you know the secret, BALLS!!! otherwise nothing,that is all I know

--- 帖子 #843 ---
we might see a reversal move as there is macd divergence on 5 min chart,careful

--- 帖子 #844 ---
I see M1 OBV divergence so I closed trade with few pips profit

--- 帖子 #845 ---
can we say that soon there will be a downtrend as 5M 20 is cutting into 57 and 5M MACD is down, Trix is crossing. ;-)

--- 帖子 #846 ---
I'm very confused and I'm just watching the action

--- 帖子 #847 ---
this pair should go down,as H4 shows rising wedge,that is my thought anyway,the pa is very slow,so it's better to stay out and wait to see any trend confirmation

--- 帖子 #848 ---
watch 1.4875 and 1.4883

--- 帖子 #849 ---
OBV is rising like crazy, strange,be careful with your short position

--- 帖子 #850 ---
Is the latest chart template is updated in the first post.. msg for trendman

--- 帖子 #851 ---
pls where can i down load TRIX that you use for your system also can give me the settings for the on the 1min and 5min chart, i have been practicing your system even without the trix it is immpressive, will be happy if you can help me further. cheers

--- 帖子 #852 ---
please download trix from THV system thread, download V4 zip.

Chart set ups are the same on page 1st,nothing changed.

Let me know if you need any more info

--- 帖子 #853 ---
trendman can u update ur first post with latest template also the OBV template please

thanks

--- 帖子 #854 ---
Dear trendman,

i was looking through the 1st page and wanted to ask your views.

what is your defination of long term and short term?

I understand that long term, we look at the 5M chart, but long term in the form of holding on for about 2 hours? like to know your exact meaning to it.

thanks

Cap

--- 帖子 #855 ---
a quick +5pips

--- 帖子 #856 ---
are the trix settings the same on all time frame?

--- 帖子 #857 ---
yes

--- 帖子 #858 ---
watch 1.4979

--- 帖子 #859 ---
watch 1.4958 area

--- 帖子 #860 ---
watch 1.4971 area

if we down from this area, look for shorts

--- 帖子 #861 ---
watch 1.4963

--- 帖子 #862 ---
pardon me as this may look like a stupid question, i have never come across trix before can u pls give me a brief description of how to use it.

thanks for giving your sysytem for free i have made money than i did paying for signals.

--- 帖子 #863 ---
Hi everyone

I'm working on some new setups for the system, this indicator which is not new as it's been around for a while worked very well so far for more better trend direction.Do not be confused as this new additional indicator is not a trading signal ,only to show the support and resistance lines.

I'll not write down any comments yet but I want you guys to see with your eyes how these lines play a significant role on the PA.

The indicator is VOLTY CHANNEL,

SETUP FOR 1 MIN CHART:

ADD THE VOLTY CHANNHEL WITH DEFAULT SETTING ON 1 MIN CHART

ADD ANOTHER VOLTY CHANNEL MA LENGTH: 100(COLOURS: BLACK AND LIME)

ADD ANOTHER VOLTY CHANNEL MA LENGTH: 200(COLOURS: BLACK AND LIME)

DRAW HORIZONTAL LINES WHEREVER 100 AND 200 VOLTY CHANNEL LINE DOTS APPEAR

ON 5 MIN CHART:

ADD THE VOLTY CHANNHEL WITH DEFAULT SETTING ON 1 MIN CHART

ADD ANOTHER VOLTY CHANNEL MA LENGTH: 100(COLOURS: BLACK AND LIME)

DRAW HORIZONTAL LINES WHEREVER 100 AND 200 VOLTY CHANNEL LINE DOTS APPEAR

PUT THESE LINES ON YOUR CURRENT CHART SET UP AND JUST WATCH THE PRICE ACTION COMBINING THE CURRENT SCALPING SYSTEM

I REALLY WOULD LIKE TO HEAR YOUR COMMENTS .

MANY THANKS

--- 帖子 #864 ---
hi trendman, how do we add the 100 and 200 lines?

ok if u can show us a sample image?

Someone told me that the more indicators, will hinder u from trading as they serve as reminders. want to noe yr view.

thanks

Cap

--- 帖子 #865 ---
Yes the more indicator more confusion ,i agree but as I've said this indicator is only for to see support/resistance lines clearly not for trade signals, you know what I mean, I do heat hate cluttered charts

--- 帖子 #866 ---
Hi TrendMan,

I follow his strategy and I am very pleased with the results,

you contribute is fundamental here, congratulations on your initiative

--- 帖子 #867 ---
Hello Trendman

I mark with circles places where I can watch buy or sell. Is it right?

--- 帖子 #868 ---
Hi everyone

Sorry , I was out for all day today for personal reasons.

How you guys get on with your trading today,has any of you placed the volty channel today on your charts and seen any benefits of it?

Would like to hear your views ,I'll write down the advantages of volty channel in couple of days time.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #869 ---
Perfect, please keep watching the significant role of those lines, you'll be impressed by them,please keep sending your comments

--- 帖子 #870 ---
Dear Trendman and all,

i have been following this trend for some weeks and have not been getting good results. My target everyday is 20pips. what my intention all this while was, SL at 10pips and TP at 5pips for every trade. which means each day i only need to trade 4 times. This may sound easy for some but i can't achieve that.

I noticed that it is pretty hard to come by for all the requirements* to meet b4 entry and it made it even more diffcult when during 1300GMT (the volatile hours) is having some news, and we have to avoid for 1 hour.

Perhaps any traders here can share share some of their tips and tricks or even comment on my 5pips-per-trade thingy.

last but not least, thank you for your time

Cap

* - for a buy position

1. 5M-20,62,57 all in line. MACD is up and TRIX cross up.

2. 1M - 20,62,57 all in line. MACD is up and TRIX cross up.

--- 帖子 #871 ---
Capcity

I'm sorry that you're not getting good results but may be you're only using for long/short position the above rule,that might be the reason, because if you read my rules the above rule is only for the TREND DIRECTION, WE USE ON 1 MIN CHART 30EMA AND 10 EMA CROSSES,STICK WITH THAT,I'VE SAID

THAT(CORRECT ME IF I'M WRONG) IF ON 1 MIN CHART 20,62,57 ARE IN LINE ONLY LOOK FOR LONG POSITIONS USING YOUR 30 EMA,10 EMA AND ALSO USING 5 MIN CHART MA (20,62,57) LOOK FOR TREND CONFIRMATION, DO NOT USE THEM FOR POSITION TAKING.

SOMETIMES TRY TO AVOID 5 MIN CHART BUT THIS TAKES TIME ,YOU NEED TO GET USE TO THE SYSTEM,SECONDLY FOLLOW MACD ON BOTH CHARTS 1/5 MIN,THEY'RE SO GOOD FOR SIGNALS,I KNOW IF YOU WAIT FOR ALL THOSE THINGS TO HAPPEN (I MEANT TO GET PROPER SIGNAL)IT'S PRETTY BORING BUT PRACTICE THE SYSTEM ,THAT IS WHY I  ALSO BRING VOLTY CHANNELS, TO GET MORE CONFIDENT FOR OUR TRADINGS, USE THE VOLTY CHANNELS.

ANY QUESTIONS ,I'M HERE

--- 帖子 #872 ---
Hi, looking at the market opening of London, a trend upwards, so there was a sign, now +20 pips, any comment? thanks trendman

--- 帖子 #873 ---
I got into situation where I have too much indicators and they are lagging. I had better performance when I was considering only 10/30 EMAs, MACD, OBV, Pivots and 20,60,57 MAs. It is a fact that while I am waiting to have at least majority of indicators showing some strong trend the trend usually changes before I even make entry  But ... what seems to be working now is retracement strategy. First I see the trend confirmed by majority of indicators), then I wait for retracement and enter using fibonacci. IS that the right way or should I move back?

--- 帖子 #874 ---
Perfect trade setup. But I missed.

-Trend is up

-5min and 1 min Arrow is up

-1 min MACD above

-Bounce frome 14900

--- 帖子 #875 ---
unfortunately I was having late breakfast and missed that ,too

--- 帖子 #876 ---
perfect , no comment, you've done everything correctly

--- 帖子 #877 ---
It's a strategy again, please try to use what it's suitable for you, try to develop the system by yourself ,with doing that your success rate will rise,my system is here to guide you guys that is it.

For trend direction use OBV,5 min chart 20,62,57 and 1 min chart 20,62,57.

For trade use 1 min chart 30 ema, 10 ema and macd crossing.

Volty channel again is there for to see S/R lines,that is it.

If anything makes you confused remove them and try to replace or develop something, for instance last couple of months I barely follow TRIX indicator.

Keep these in mind

--- 帖子 #878 ---
I am more than happy with your system. I am a total newbie and I was able to make profit from the beginning! The fact is that I used your system as a "money machine" without my own percetion of market status. I ignored pivots, s/r lines and somethimes also news  But now I learned even more  Thanks Trendman!

--- 帖子 #879 ---
your welcome, any questions,shoot

--- 帖子 #880 ---
watch 1.4968

--- 帖子 #881 ---
watch 1.4976

--- 帖子 #882 ---
if anyone watching the thread if you go back yesterday's 1 min chart and look 200 volatility (down)where it has appeared and draw a horizontal line, you'll 1.4976

--- 帖子 #883 ---
Thanks Trendman, i am glad to receive a reply from you.

you are right. this is what i will do, correct me if i am wrong.

a buy situation:

1. wait for smc4 indicator signal in 5M

2. look at 5M MACD - must be up

3. Look at 1M MACD - up

4. take position when 10 cross 30 in 1M - cross upwards

thanks

Cap

--- 帖子 #884 ---
SEE THE ABOVE

--- 帖子 #885 ---
Yeah...made my 1st 5pips. Thanks a million, Trendman.

but how do i determine the entry point when it pull back to 30ema? what method did u use? 1M Trix?

thanks

Regards

Stan

--- 帖子 #886 ---
PA is developing under 200 volty channel

--- 帖子 #887 ---
Trendman,

am i right to say that after 10 cross 30 (buy), and it break 200Volt, it will go upwards?

is yes, then the volt channel provides better guidance.

Cap

--- 帖子 #888 ---
Please just watch volty channels at the moment, I need your comments for this indicator whether you're finding it useful or not.Just watch it

BY THE WAY I WOULD LIKE TO ADD SOMETHING,TODAY AT 14.54 GMT 100 VOLTY DOWN CHANNEL APPEARED , DID YOU NOTICE THAT ,NOW THE PRICE SHOULD MOVE AROUND THIS LINE AND WAIT FOR 200 VOLTY DOWN CHANNEL TO APPEAR,BECAUSE 100 IS GIVING A SIGNAL THE TREND IS SLOWING

BUT PLEASE,PLEASE DO NOT USE VOLTY CHANNEL FOR TRADE DECISION

--- 帖子 #889 ---
Don't jump in as soon as the price goes down 30 ema or above ,wait for apull back, that is why I said to you to learn wave counting

--- 帖子 #890 ---
Hi guys, 10 minutes before the opening of the London market

There was a signal being realized, M5 pick mA20 (yellow) crosses MA62 and MA57, both MACD negative, saying a tendency to fall in H1 for greater comfort, MA10 crosses two MA30, got into this position, winning 19pips, I'm leaving today the operating table, back to my primary job, will soon be switching to live account, TrendMania thanks again, I hope to be contributing success to all

--- 帖子 #891 ---
I'm very pleased to hear that my friend, please keep us updated how you're getting on, many thanks

--- 帖子 #892 ---
here losed 10 pips (opened SELL). direction was done. but didn't see trendline. it was my mistake. must wait while price cross trendline.

--- 帖子 #893 ---
don't jump in everything,i was like always want to take any opportunity but ..no.. Don't work like that wait for a perfect set up, painful but once you get use to it ,perfect

--- 帖子 #894 ---
I am trying . But loses are part of game.

--- 帖子 #895 ---
Hi, Trendman. I don’t know how using my pour English I can tell how much I appreciate that You decided to reveal to all of as your strategy that has absolutely astonishing results.  I read all your thread and I will reread and make notes with everything that you mention because I believe that this most precious information.  I have to go to job every day and every evening i am trying to invent or find the system that can help me to change my live… I want to learn your system and I will work hard to do this. I will very appreciate if you will find time to answer my questions. I am so glad that you are here on this forum.

--- 帖子 #896 ---
thanks for your compliment, man,any questions let me know

--- 帖子 #897 ---
things are pretty slow at the moment, seems to be a consolidation triangle forming on the larger time frames with PA getting to the tip. What are your thoughts on the prospect of some movement today or is it likely to just taper off into the wkend?

--- 帖子 #898 ---
On h4 chart there is a traingle, I'm only watching the action right now, following 1.4879 and 1.4849 lines,things are choppy right now, so I wouldn't advise for taking a position right now

--- 帖子 #899 ---
By the way I'm expecting the pair to go back up to 1.4931 in couple of hours

--- 帖子 #900 ---
Hello guys,

Today 20 minutes before the opening of the London market, there is a tendency to fall, sell at 1.49024, I just reprehensible, closed with +6 pips, the tendency is still alive down, now just watch and waiting for the opening of the market NY, any comments?

--- 帖子 #901 ---
200 volty channel just appeared so watch 1.4921

--- 帖子 #902 ---
Here is the trade I took .. I was VERY nervous and took only 4 pips. When I entered trade both 5 and 1 MACD were negative and both moving averages in proper order. I made profit, but I probably made 2 mistakes:

1, I have NOT entered trade on pull back (61.8 FIB level) .. instead I was waiting the PA to reach previous lower low (as I was reading on Strategy II thread)

2, There was a retracement after I closed trade, but then price continued going down ... so was I supposed to wait more?

--- 帖子 #903 ---
my advice don't always jump in the trade on the 1st attempt of 10,30 ema crosses,wait for a pull back and than jump in, second tip,please try it for me, you know volty channel I've put , place the default version(don't do any changes) and wait for the dots to appear red/blue and combine with myr rules, you'll feel more confident, trust me, just try it and let me how you get on, but stick with our system's rules,okay

--- 帖子 #904 ---
we should jump to 1.4892

--- 帖子 #905 ---
still behind my target but damn !!!!

--- 帖子 #906 ---
Thanks for advice .. I installed default voltychannel on my M1 and from what I see ... PA crossed red channel (I assume it is a stop loss) @ 1.4877 ... if I would follow it I would gain much more pips profit.

--- 帖子 #907 ---
correct wherever the dots appear you draw a horizontal line(from the dots)

--- 帖子 #908 ---
was exciting and I ended up leaving before time

--- 帖子 #909 ---
Hi trendman. I can't trade because have to go to work. but this is how i understand you sistem for this friday. Please tell if i
miss any possibilities or placed a wrong one. Thank you.

--- 帖子 #910 ---
Perfect, set up is all correct, your entry points are correct, too.Please place on min chart VOLTY channel(default settings),I'll updating the system very soon, so follow volty channel dots along with the system.

THANKS

--- 帖子 #911 ---
hi everyone

--- 帖子 #912 ---
Please visit the 1st page as the system has been updated with one additional indicator,

many thanks

trendman

--- 帖子 #913 ---
Hi TrendMan,  how are you?

what their expectations for today? 5pips got for now, I'm waiting for more input

--- 帖子 #914 ---
watching 1.5011 points, 15 min chart and higher ones ,stoc indicator shows weakness,so I'm cautios

--- 帖子 #915 ---
interesting where price will go at that point

--- 帖子 #916 ---
do you guys liking the volty channel with the system, it works well so far?

what do you think?

--- 帖子 #917 ---
I always looking for situations like shown on picture. Crossing 100 and 200 Volty chanel winth MACD confirmation give strong trend confirmation. I don't know is it right. But it helps.

--- 帖子 #918 ---
you got it ,man.perfect

--- 帖子 #919 ---
Pm me your website Trend I missed alot, im having a hard time understanding the v-channel

--- 帖子 #920 ---
Are we drawing the v-channel on the 1 and 5min chart ? is there a chance you can show your chart trend ?

--- 帖子 #921 ---
here you go

you place the volty channels on 1 min chart, default version, 100 and 200 ,so you should have 3 volty channels

--- 帖子 #922 ---
Hey thanks trend, the only reason why I ask is because LT has it on his 5min chart

--- 帖子 #923 ---
oh, I didn't realise that, Hey LT !!! volty should be on 1 min chart,mate

--- 帖子 #924 ---
I am looking on M5 too. it's just for trend confirmation

--- 帖子 #925 ---
ok. I see your chart Trendman. I think we realise Volty chanel little diferenet. I don't draw lines from 100 and 200 dots. I simply watching lines which are drawing automaticaly. if price cross 100 and 200 lines I am watching for buy or sell. See chart above, I marked thet place with circle.

--- 帖子 #926 ---
Trendman, thanks for speding time on chat on your site with me today. I  learned more than in one month!

--- 帖子 #927 ---
Trendman Pm me the site please

--- 帖子 #928 ---
mate I can't advertise the site as I was warned by this site, please google trendman and will come up or google  forex scalping systems

--- 帖子 #929 ---
Oh ok gotcha, I will try to find you on google

--- 帖子 #930 ---
how is everyone doing

--- 帖子 #931 ---
Hanging in there Trend, come Jan I will have more time for trading due to schdule change, I hope this will get me the 50 pips per day !!!

--- 帖子 #932 ---
What a beautiful day, the system is wroking perfect today, how you're guys doing

--- 帖子 #933 ---
say it with a pic ( chart )

--- 帖子 #934 ---
hi trendman,

the volt channel worked like magic, it solved all my doubts about the entry thing. and u r right, we will have more confidence, esp scralper like us, every little pips counts.

hav u tried to use any timeframes larger than 5min with this system? i was thinking of using larger TF as long term investment.

thanks

Cap

--- 帖子 #935 ---
At the moment we're testing volty channel using different formulas on higher time frames, especially M15 and M30, the results are good, but as you know this passed week was good week, it has to be tested on quite market time (you know what I mean), we might reveal that in 4 weeks time and propose it as a long term ,like swing trade system.

Thanks

By the way , I'm very happy for you man.Keep it up!

--- 帖子 #936 ---
Trendman can you or anybody clarify a little more on how to use the v channel pehaps with a posted chart ?

--- 帖子 #937 ---
Hi trendman,

In your first post you mentioned your website, but I can find no mention of the address. If forum rules don't allow you to post it, could you PM me please

Cheers

--- 帖子 #938 ---
why you not read  , he told already only 10 postings before

google: trendman and forex scalping system, and you will find it!

cheers

--- 帖子 #939 ---
Trendmans site is like a bible for me  He helped me a lot also on his chat. Thanks!

--- 帖子 #940 ---
Thank you

--- 帖子 #941 ---
I just finish reading all the posts... did some cut and pasting so that I can refer and reread to understand better... I would like to thank you for your effort and your willingness to share... it must have taken a toil on your time.

Now I'll load all the indicators and MAs' to test... I trade life and are only interested in trading in the lower time frame... M1 suits me well...

cheers

mikelee

--- 帖子 #942 ---
any questions visit my website,please

--- 帖子 #943 ---
5 min macd divergence, be very careful but saying that OBV is droping heavily, something is going on.

--- 帖子 #944 ---
What is 100 and 200

When i install these indicator on 1 min chart I see blue dot and line and then later red dot and blue line.

Please tell me what setting I have to change it to 100 and 200 there is no values in properties of this indicator

Please help

--- 帖子 #945 ---
adler

The volty channel 100 and 200 is only for to see the whether trend is up or down, you may use them or not ,it's your choice, just try them, especially concentrate on 200 volty channel dot ,draw a horizontal line when it appears, as I've said, these volty channels are not for trading,please don't be confused, many thanks

--- 帖子 #946 ---
Trend man i am in skype, can u come online plz

--- 帖子 #947 ---
Hi TrendMan . I don’t have time to trade but today after work I did some trades with forex simulator. This is how I trade on October 19. I did 6 trades. If you have time please take a look on my charts and may be correct my mistakes. I hope to learn more from you. Thank you.

--- 帖子 #948 ---
Hi Trandman,

Visited your site... glade I did... the whole scalping system is laid out systematically... unlike in the forum ...I took more then half a day to sieve through all the posting.

I am on test mode right now and will PM you or participate in your program... if any... just let me know...

Thank you

mikelee

--- 帖子 #949 ---
hey Trendman,

i was looking through your website. particularly on the scrapling method section.

i noticed that after explaining the set-up and the 10,30ema crosses, u did not mentioned about the pull-back (which i think it is an important factor), was it done purposely?

lol

thanks

Cap

--- 帖子 #950 ---
what you mean purposely?

Pull back is a fact which you have to follow,that is why I've adised all of you to read and understand the wave counting, pull back is something you have to follow.

--- 帖子 #951 ---
looking at your charts ,some of the trades you took which you had profit ,they are all good but the ones that you have missed , you have to watch macd weakness on 1 min chart ,if you miss a jump ,do not try to enter!

follow the volty channel dots ,wait for them to appear and get a confirmartion from the macd.Use 5 min chart especially macd for the trend direction if macd negative look for shorts never enter long based on 1 min chart and vice versa.

Always look  for macd divergences and please follow OBV direction, too.

You're doing everything right .

Thanks

--- 帖子 #952 ---
pardon me for the wrong use of the word "purposely". lol. just abit mind block at that point of time.

I hope to help others who are new to the system, as many times, it is very tempting to jump in  on impulse. hope to serve as a reminder.

cheers

Cap

--- 帖子 #953 ---
Hi Trendman. Thank you for helping me. I think one thing is not clear for me. I NEVER miss a jump; instead I waited for a pullback on purpose. I thought this is the rule of the system enter on a pullback. Of course macd  weakening if it is a pullback but I didn’t enter if it changed direction.

follow the volty channel dots ,wait for them to appear and get a confirmartion from the macd.
All   my trades done with agreement with volty channel and macd: If it sell trade macd on both timeframes negative.

So my conclusion that enter on a pullback is not a mandatory it is just optional? It can be good to see some of your charts on this forum otherwise it is hard to fill the strategy.

--- 帖子 #954 ---
Hello Trendman. Ive been trying to use and understand ur system but it seems Im abit lost on the setup. Would you mind to post an image of your setup since I am so confused with the MAs and also the indicators that youre using. Also, correct me if Im wrong. This setup works best with EURUSD and GBPUSD pairs and not so with the others?

Thanks

Jazman

Southeast Asia

--- 帖子 #955 ---
hi trendman,

with reference to the pull back theory, please correct me if i am wrong. for the past 1 week, i have been using the 2 dots as entry for a trade*. the results is that i have 9 wins out of 10. feels pretty good. but i believe that i can do better.

but 1st, am i right to use the 2 dots as entry signal?

if yes, many times, the gap for the 2 dots can be quite far and i felt that i am missing out someting, i felt that i had missed a good trade. or is it also a normal for us to wait for the perfect set-up*?

i remembered u mentioned that there are times where u dont even look at 5M and only look at the 1M charts. I would like to learn that from you. what i did was i fully concentrate on the 1M, but can't make profits.

like to know from you what trade u take most of the time. ;-)

thanks amillion!

Cap

* 5M & 1M MACD same direction. 10 cross 30. wait for pull back.

--- 帖子 #956 ---
My Friend

9 out of 10 , mate ,this is a pretty good percentage, that is big.

I don't get that rate so often!!

When you look at the dots,make sure the dot appears first before macd turns positive ,usually what I do is , if I se red/blue dot appeareance than I look macd weakness ,this need some experience(getting confident with indocators) and if I feel macd is about to turn negative/positive I jump in but always look for the pullbacks, always!!! and than jump in.

5 min macd is a good indicator, I'm mostly concentrating on 5 min macd positive/negative action and make my decision .

Also try to use 5 min chart for support and resistance lines, on 1 min chart could be difficult to see them.

Mate, you'll miss lots of trades , do not judge yourself for that,never!!

Otherwise you'll loose your confindence or you might get over confident and try to get in every trade and booom!!! you'll loose!!!

please be careful, if you need any more info come and join my chatroom ,I'm on there between 9am-5 pm uk time.

Many thanks

--- 帖子 #957 ---
yes, mate. 9 out of 10, coz i only got 10 trades.

nonetheless, thank you for your sharing, i will keep up with what i am doing now.

thanks

Cap

--- 帖子 #958 ---
Trendman ... by MACD positive or negative you mean MACD above or below 0 ? Or are you playing with MACD slope (direction) ?

--- 帖子 #959 ---
yes that's what  I mean

--- 帖子 #960 ---
hi trendman, would it be alright to post any of your recent trade?

thanks

Cap

--- 帖子 #961 ---
[quote=trendman;3125968]

ADDITIONAL INDICATOR:

OPEN ANOTHER 5 MIN CHART ,ADD OBV INDICATOR,ON OBV INDICATOR ADD RSI ,MAKE RSI LINE COLOURLES BUT ADD LEVELS 30,50 AND 70 , KEEP OBV ALWAYS IN BIGGER SCALE (SO THE CHART WON'T BE NEEDED) WE NEED TO HAVE OBV IN BIGGER SCALE SO THAT TREND DIRECTION CAN BE FOLLOWED,IF PRICE GOES UP OR DOWN, OBV MUST FOLLOW THE PA ,OTHERWISE FALSE PRICE ACTION.

hello trendman

i am newbie and interested in ur scalping system, have setup almost all the indicators in my mt4, but cant add RSI into OBV indicator window, when i apply RSI after OBV it appear into a new indicator window,

CAN u Please help me out?

THANKS in advance

--- 帖子 #962 ---
In navigator window use mouse (press left button) to drag your indicator into the window where you want it.

--- 帖子 #963 ---
[quote=rhmn;3280413]

Don't click the RSI indicator, with your mouse just carry RSI indicator and drop it on OBV  indicator, that is it,same as carrying a file into a folder on your computer.

--- 帖子 #964 ---
thankx man it really worked, i was trying to put indicator from menu bar  today markeet is closed, i will try this system on Monday. hope it will work for me also.

--- 帖子 #965 ---
hello trendman,

i need to know about the TP and SL levels how to decide these points or ratio. Plz explain.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #966 ---
i dont need no stinking indicators to scalp 1 minute chart , this thread is totally useless.

--- 帖子 #967 ---
Look at you, Mr. Smart! Somebody needs attention, right? Trendmans system helped my to avoid newbie looses and I started to be profitable almost from beginning. Have you tried his system? I did ... and already made more than 100 trades with 80% success rate. And I am newbie. How about that?

--- 帖子 #968 ---
Thanks ,jajo but lets respect the other traders opinion.

As I've been telling to everyone right from the beginning this system or any other systems might work  or might not work for some of us.

The conclusion I have is I do not thing any system will work unless you give 100% of your time and concentration.

Anyway ,this thread is open to any good/bad comments.

Thanks again Jajo.

--- 帖子 #969 ---
I don't think somebody should call this thread useless. This is not a valid argument. Did he tried your concept? I owe you a lot because you showed me how complex trading is. Sorry for "strong language" by I really hate freeloaders trying to dehonest others people hard work just because of their current mood. I am a newbie and I understood that your system is just a skeleton ... you need skin, blood, organs and BRAIN to live! But ... skeleton is the basic of whole body. In other words ... if you are a newbie please study whole concept before jumping on this thread (eliot waves, fbo, pivots, S/R, candle patterns etc.) Then you can judge Trendmans system.

--- 帖子 #970 ---
i agree, i have been using the FF site a little now for about 4 months and mostly because of the professionalism percieved, i joined up. (registered)

Then i see this kind of post, one of the first things usually taught is, you have to make your own system out of what you learn. Well, you learn from others, like Trendman. Since i have been open to learn from others, my bookleanring has become usefull, before that i barely broke even, if that much. That fellow that thinks your system is useless does not have all the answers obviously, or why would he be looking in the strategies area at other people's ideas in the first place. I cannot read all your forum Trendman, but what i saw was interesting, i myself use 3EMA and 30EMA correlated with ADX for confirmation. I think your system is simmilar using different tools, thank you for investing back into the community with this forum and information you share. You are obviouysly dedicated to helping others or you would not be monitoring this forum so well, again thanks for your service to fellow members of FF. (sorry my keyboard is messing up on the typo's)

--- 帖子 #971 ---
He's frustrated, and sometimes folks say things to make other people frustrated.

Thats all

Great system Trendman

--- 帖子 #972 ---
Your ADX is on the 1 Min ?

--- 帖子 #973 ---
hello trendman,

i need to know about the TP and SL levels how to decide these points or ratio. Plz explain.

Thanks
http://cdn.forexfactory.com/images/buttons/quote.gif

--- 帖子 #974 ---
My friend

TP are SL are all up to you, This is a scalping system so quick in and out,5-7-10 pips whichever one satisfied for you ,go for it, sl again use ATR pips.

--- 帖子 #975 ---
correct. each time u r only looking at about 5-8pips. what i did was that i use the red and blue dots a entry points.

Trendman, can advise on the ATR pips thing?

thanks

Cap

--- 帖子 #976 ---
Thankx man,

today i am trading in asian session, infact i dont have time to trade in london/newyork session, this system is really working in Asian session just 2 hours before london open. i think now i can earn some money from forex. i am using 10 pip stop loss and 5 pip Take profit? am i doing good or not? and also plz explain ATR.

Thanks man

--- 帖子 #977 ---
well, the target 5 pip and 10 pips sl is good, but as you get use to the system and understand it more ,you may increase your tp ,that is an only suggestion anyway.

Atr ,please go to THV system and download THV ATR indicator, that will give you spread info , atr stop loss etc, it's a good tool to have

--- 帖子 #978 ---
thankx alot trend man, i have achived today's target 4 trades for 5 pips each, total 20 pips, Thankx alot man, now i going to my job. v good start of the day and week alos.

--- 帖子 #979 ---
that's great, rhmn. actually, i am also following the same TP 5pips & SL 10pips.

if u dont mind, u can share with us (in pictures) here about your achievement.

also, if u can, join us in the chat from Trendman website.

Regards

Cap

--- 帖子 #980 ---
no problem man, i will try to post my tomorrows achievements on this forum. if i get the same results

--- 帖子 #981 ---
hi trend man!

can u please guide me, what support and resistance levels did u applied on 1st 1 Min char ans 2nd 1 Min char. PP and some thing like that, bcz i found that they are providing different support and resistance levels in 1st 1 min chart and 2nd 1 min chart.

--- 帖子 #982 ---
Find FXI pivots and attach it on your indicator but you need to attach 2 FXI indicator one with default settings ,the second one make sure weekly section says TRUE, so you'll have daily and weekly pivots on your charts

--- 帖子 #983 ---
i downloaded fxi pivot but that is different another indicator window open and there is nothing inside. can u plz upload for me that one,

also i cant understant there are three different types of lines on 2nd 1 min chart , like pivot MS3 line, fhr_S3 line, S1.5_line,

Plz Explain for me

--- 帖子 #984 ---
My trade this night.

--- 帖子 #985 ---
nice~

was this b4 u use the new indicator?

thanks

Cap

--- 帖子 #986 ---
i made my first trade withing few second, here is my chart attached. but as according to my trading rule my TP is 5 pips and SL is 10 pips so i just got 5 pips but this move could give me atleast 20 pips. any suggestions about SL and TP are warmly welcome.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #987 ---
For the stoploss and target what you got there is okay.

Once you get out from the trade with a profit don't look back ,5 pips is 5 pips,if you start judging yourself next with the same tarding setup ,you'll stay in and you loose, don't forget that,it's only an advise.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #988 ---
Actually I was trying out this system based on what RHMN did on his chart. But Im not so sure of how to really have a "good entry".

Also I found out that theres updates to this system. Is there by any chance that you could attach again all updated instruments required in this system as I think many of traders that follows this thread is unable to set up the system correctly. Ive been PM-ing few traders and they were hoping for the same thing too.

I am very sorry for the trouble Trendman. I wish you happy pippin' and happy banking them pips.

--- 帖子 #989 ---
[quote=jazman;3293302]Actually I was trying out this system based on what RHMN did on his chart. But Im not so sure of how to really have a "good entry".

its according to the trend mans system, ALLA indicators met in the oval area on 1 min chart, and the trend was down according to 5 min chart also, but on 1 min chart there was a strong resistance at 1.4721, i waited for that to check if price cross or reverse back, but after some time price break that resistance so i get entered into the trade and get my 5 pips just within 1 min.

along with all indicators u must have to tack care of support and resistance. if u plot ur own trend lines and resistance lines that could help u also (i practice this).

after all in forex trading our main goal is .....

1. to find trend (which is our friend)

2. to find support and resistance to get enter and exit

--- 帖子 #990 ---
Could you please visit my chatline on my website uk time between 9am-5pm, I'm more than happy to help you guys.

Just google me, for certain reasons I kind give my website name .

Thanks

--- 帖子 #991 ---
[quote=trendman;3281020]
Hi, sorry to ask this again, but it seems i am unable to carry and drop any indicator, when i try, the chart moves right or left but the indicator doesn't move. Can you tell me what I am doing wrong please?

--- 帖子 #992 ---
Last night I was in at Trendman’s chat room and it was much better for me then when I look at the charts and traded alone. I made 27 pips in London session.  Trend man shows how he made a trade. Before he did a trade he explained what is important to look for and what he is waiting to happen.  He made ten pips at that trade. I must be honest I didn’t see before, that that setup has a good chance to be a winner. Trendman explained exactly why he thinks it is.   I am sure now I can make the same trade next time. I realized that to trade together with a professional is much more useful than learn along on my own mistakes.

--- 帖子 #993 ---
Hi Trendman can you tell me if it s possible to join you on  your chat room  ? Thanks

Luk

--- 帖子 #994 ---
please join me uk time 9am -5pm

Thanks

--- 帖子 #995 ---
hello trend man, i c ur online on forexfactory, can u plz come online on ur website chat room, i have things to ask u? bcz normally 9 am to 5 pm is my job timing i cant come to chat room ,.............?

--- 帖子 #996 ---
here is my today trade i get 5 pip now, market is too slow to respond, price is moving up and down to PP.

--- 帖子 #997 ---
[quote=rhmn;3294606]
Thanks! I will practice this. Ive been scalping for 3-5 pips using my old stoch/CCI/RSI setup.

--- 帖子 #998 ---
hello

my friend ,please use macd with crossing indicator which I've give on the 1st page.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #999 ---
thankx trend man. infact i have downloaded all files which u submitted in 1st post, but i m confused in support and resistance lines, FPP, PP etc. if a waite for one line on 1st 1 min chart, there is another on 2nd 1 min chart too closer to the price, if that passes there is another line on 5 min chart, i m confused which trend line to consider iportat and which to not.?

--- 帖子 #1000 ---
regarding the pivot lines, I don't think I have recommended any indicator yet, but please find FXI pivots,than place 2 fxi pvots indicator(seperatly),one with default setting,this will show daily pivots, one with change the setting making WEEKLY=TRUE and you'll have weekly pivots.

about the lines, use them as your target price points(well possible targets) and also as usual s/r lines, but if the trend is strong really most of the time they're just become normal horizontal lines..))

--- 帖子 #1001 ---
Thanks Trendman, but how can i join you ? I mean what is the adress or site ?

Luk

--- 帖子 #1002 ---
mate ,just google trendman or forex scalping systems and will come up.

I can't give the name of the site on this website.

--- 帖子 #1003 ---
here you go

--- 帖子 #1004 ---
Hi trendman! Hi everyone! I found this indicator, it can help, it considers macd(you can set macd,but better 20,62,57) on every timeframe, showing the direction of the price. I want to share also a version of macd indicator, it shows color if the macd line and the signal line are rising or are going down, it helps the eye. I am not able to code, but i think if it draws istograms also, it will be a better version! (i have only the file .exe)

--- 帖子 #1005 ---
Thanks for these useful tools.

--- 帖子 #1006 ---
hello trendman

ur charts which u posted are different to what you uploaded in 1st post,

in 1st i min chart there are two MACD's and a new indicator which u did not told, (Stoch 6,3,3), i dont know what is this. plz explain

in 5 min chart there are only 3 lines 200ema, and 2 more but in 1st post, there are 4 lines i cant understand, y is there difference?

and also u did not told that look more then 15min, 30 min, 1 hr, 4 hr??????????

PLZ explain.

--- 帖子 #1007 ---
my friend

for those explanations, please join my website chatroom.

Many thanks, hope to see you there.

--- 帖子 #1008 ---
i am online on your website chat room but ur not online, can u plz come online there, bcz its very difficult to come online during london session for me, i would be very thakful to u

--- 帖子 #1009 ---
Thanks a lot trendman for ur good support, i learned things from u in just few minutes which i cant learn within months.

u have such a nice system and teaching skills,

Thanks MATE

--- 帖子 #1010 ---
Hello Trendman.Can you please privately e-mail me your website address for your chatroom,because I googled your name and did not see it.Also,thank you for this GREAT system.  GOD BLESS.......SMPPRJ

--- 帖子 #1011 ---
hi 4 all

trendman  , i read all 68 pages  in the Thread  and i understand  it  and i'll start  , and i hope  to get my daily target  , so thank you for everything you do for us

about  (volty channel_stop indicator ) ,  i only  need here  to tell me what   value we  need to change  in what varible

kindly update me the template you working on

thanks

--- 帖子 #1012 ---
Hi all and especially Trend man,

I took me the whole to to get through this thread but I finally finished reading and experimenting. At this moment my mind is a blank though. I guess there's only so much information a man can absorb in a days time.

Tomorrow around 9am GMT I'll be visiting your blog and I hope to meet you there for a chat.

So far it sounds like a proper system you got going here. Thanks for your efforts.

4extool

--- 帖子 #1013 ---
I don't know how to add  ( OBV INDICATOR,ON OBV INDICATOR ADD RSI )

can you attach the indicator

--- 帖子 #1014 ---
hello trend man,

indicators are really helping , did u take any position today?

--- 帖子 #1015 ---
i made 2 trades

1st for 7 pips

2nd for 9 pips

16pips not bad

thanks trendman

--- 帖子 #1016 ---
Hello Trendman.Thank you for sending me the link.Now,I am trying to get into the chat room,but it is asking me to sign up with CHATROLL,so when I put my details in it keeps asking for a valid password and I have tried with 3 different passwords.Is there a different link to your chat room?Thank you---GOD BLESS----SJ

--- 帖子 #1017 ---
once you login ,it should be fine

--- 帖子 #1018 ---
here you go

--- 帖子 #1019 ---
Trendman,where do I log in?At your website I am clicking on the ONLINE CHAT link up in the web bar and it shows a screen,then when I click on the bottom where your name is it takes me to the CHATROLL sign up window to open an account.Is this the right procedure,should I open an account first with chatroll?GOD BLESS....SJ

--- 帖子 #1020 ---
Open an account with chatroll first and than join

--- 帖子 #1021 ---
Trendman thank you,I got it set up.GOD BLESS........SJ

--- 帖子 #1022 ---
Hi Trendman,

Thank you for offering to have a look at my workstation. As you can see I haven't posted a pic yet because my computer has some problems these last two days. I'll reinstall a fresh copy of windows and setup my workstation again.

Thanks again!

4exTool

--- 帖子 #1023 ---
i again catch the trend and get 10 pips, i could get more then 20 if i Waite 5 min candle to close. but i am still happy i atleast get 10 pips not bad trade.

thanks trendman

--- 帖子 #1024 ---
very happy for you my friend

--- 帖子 #1025 ---
Hello.Trendman,I have been trying to get into the chat room for 2 days now.When I go to the website and click the ONLINE CHAT up in the header it does not show any log-in area.Trendman,can you please update your thread at FF periodically or when ever you make a strategy change to your scalping system like you added the stochs.This way if someone can not log-on to the chat room,they will still be able to get your scalping system updates and stay current with this strategy.Thanks and GOD BLESS........SJ

--- 帖子 #1026 ---
couldn't understand why it's not working,we've not had any complaints about connection problems from our other members

--- 帖子 #1027 ---
Merry christmas everyone and happy new year to you all!!!!

Wish you a lot of pips in the new year 2010!!!

--- 帖子 #1028 ---
GOD BLESS EVERYONE.

--- 帖子 #1029 ---
Special thanks to Mr T for sharing what I think is a fine strategy.

The best to ya'll.

How do I find out about  the other ind that are now displayed like stocks & others.

Please advise if possible.

Loganf

--- 帖子 #1030 ---
Merry christmas everyone and special thanks to Trendman

--- 帖子 #1031 ---
Happy New year to ALL especially to Trend Man,

I wish lots of piping to all in the new year

i m going live with the start of new year, I Wish if i could get the better results by trendman system as i get in demo.

--- 帖子 #1032 ---
Hi Trendman,

Trying to catch up with this system new for me, if i respect the original system as describe on first post , what is the average daily number of signals on  one major pair and the London session only.

Regards

--- 帖子 #1033 ---
Happy new year everyone, wish you lot of pips in 2010.

Trendman

--- 帖子 #1034 ---
Dear traders,

please do feedback on this system after u had tried it out. B it good or bad, couple of you are in the chatline and wanted to ask some questions. U can also post the questioned here, but please, please do read thru previous ones 1st. This would help all of us alot.

Let's help all the fellow traders by giving it back to this forum, we can nvr finished learning.

thanks

Cap

--- 帖子 #1035 ---
hello

hows going trading in the start of new year? hope u are making good pips, and i wish to all traders to get more and more pips by trendman scalping system.

well i m doing good with this system and within couple of days i m planning to go live, can u plz suggest me which broker is best according to u and scalping?

and if there is any thing new which u r using with ur system plz share with us,

thanks

--- 帖子 #1036 ---
Where is trendman? What happened to him? Is he not trading anymore?

--- 帖子 #1037 ---
Hi Everyone

My cousin and my business partner has been diagnosed with cancer at an age 28,he's in critical condition for the last 2-3 weeks and things are not good.

--- 帖子 #1038 ---
New to the thread and I attempted to download the MACD files from the first page in the thread and they appear as .php files.  In otherwords, they will not extract into the experts/indicators folder.  Is it possible to repost these?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1039 ---
here u go. please feedback after usage.

thanks

--- 帖子 #1040 ---
Thank you.  Now one more question.  I downloaded it and how do i get the second line for the crossover?  I only have one red line on my  chart.  any help would be great.

--- 帖子 #1041 ---
I'm sorry to hear that trendman.

--- 帖子 #1042 ---
I'm sorry too.

--- 帖子 #1043 ---
i feel also sorry, and wish every thing turn fine.

--- 帖子 #1044 ---
GOD BLESS

--- 帖子 #1045 ---
Hello trendman:

I'm very sorry concerning your partner & your cousin.

I hope for much health improvement to them. Please advise concerning their

conditions.

Your friend Loganf

--- 帖子 #1046 ---
Hi,

You claim you make 50 pips every day! Why are you uttering lie?! Manybe some days you can but many days not possible I am sure. Do not lure people, OK? I have found your system is not a good one. You put so many silly indicators(and increasing regularly!) and hoping making pips consistently! Anyway, God bless.

--- 帖子 #1047 ---
Dear fx200,

guess I have to speak up for trendman on this system. Perhaps there are some misunderstandings. I can understand your concerns, as I, myself had went through some of the frustrations b4. You can always look back on some of the threads which i posted for verification.

I believe there r 3 concerns here. 50pips a day? good system? silly indicators?

Firstly, getting 50pips a day needs alot of time and patience, as this is a scalping system (which means max 10pips/trade). Perhaps u can get 50pips in a single 15min or 30min trade from other systems, but u can always use this method on a longer time frame, if u feel more comfortable. And please note, the Stop Loss(SL) ratio to Take Profit(TP) for this system is very good. Personnally, my SL: TP is 2:1. as I wanted more allowance. Hence, perhaps, getting 50pips will need u to have 5 trades a day. For me, my target is 20pips a day and this is easily achieved.

Just a side track on the time and patience thingy. I used to be rather stero-type about the 50pips promise, and you are right, not many days we might get 50pips, that's b'coz, we need to be patience towards the market. If u just spend a week seriously(up to 18 hours a day) following this system, u will realised that there are many chances for us to enter. i, myself know that if I am tired and dont have time and energy, I will only get 10pips and stop for the day. And I had learnt to align my target and my lifestyle with the system. Please dont forget that Trendman is a full time trader, this is his main income.

Secondly, a good system? All I can say is, this is very subjective, but if you dont mind, I can share with you the principles and values of using this system.

Principles:

Only use this system :

1. if you have at least 10min of concentration when the alert sound. as you will need to monitor from there onwards.

2. if you are ok with a 2:1 SL:TP ratio.

3. if you want to be at least 80% sure of the trade.

Values:

The basic values of a trader are :

1. Patience,

2. Money management,

3. State of mind at that point of trade.

Last but not least, silly indicators? like what i said, i can feel the same sense of frustrations u have. But after using them for a week, you will realised the confidence you have whenever you take a trade. I also realised that my chances are higher and I am no more gambling whenever a trade is taken.

In conclusion, what I had learnt is to align my expectations and lifestyle with this system. And also there is more confidence whenever you take a trade. Trendman had done alot for this thread and after  using, if u feel this suits u, please help to feedback. Take note that, til now, none of the users here had paid a single cent to Trendman and he is giving and doing us a favour for free.

Also, if u had found a better system which suits your trading principles and values, please share with us. The backbone values of this forum is share, and u never know, there is always something better.

Lastly, whatever I shared here is of my personnal point of view. It is not meant to convince or conclude anything or anyone. It is of education purposes.

thanks

regards

Cap

--- 帖子 #1048 ---
I am newbie making 20-30 pips/day using his system (with little adjustment to mach my trading style). Now what? Am I lier too?

--- 帖子 #1049 ---
Dear Trendman, Cap and Jajo,
Many thanks for your feedbacks. My point is that your statement must be honest. If you can help people great. If you can not do not make any false or exaggerate hope or statements. Forex market is definitely is a crazy market so everybody(those who are experienced for few years) must be very careful to make any statement on it. Yes, I have found few statements of trendman are very good. For instance about discipline, not be greedy, take small profit depending on the market etc. I love his pivotal indicator suggestion. But I am sure he can not make 50 pips everyday definitely not on most of the Mondays and Fridays. Also leverage he takes 500. I think that is too much. Nobody should exceed leverage more than 100. I personally even most of the case do not take leverage 100.  Taking 500 leverage is not a greedy action? I am not sure. I hope trendman will make some comments again for our help. At least he has huge experience in forex, I have not. How about other guys; how you are performing in tresndman's system? God bless.

--- 帖子 #1050 ---
There definitely is potential here..I wonder if anyone had married

at least the m1 chart with the ribbons of fx50 to see how that

might help.

If anyone has a personalized version of the templates

that is working well for you.. please share here.

A screen shot or two would be great as well

Brian

--- 帖子 #1051 ---
hi everyone!

It has been a long time since come back to this forum. How's everyone?trendman, I hope u and your friends, partners well.

Anyone has any comments for this system? I have been seriously using this system for the past 2 months. Of cse, with a little modifications and a little bit more patience. lol.

I put in USD$200 on the 1st Feb 2010. As of now, my status stand at $307. working towards $500, so that I can start to buy 0.05 instead of 0.01 now.

thanks

cap

--- 帖子 #1052 ---
Hi Everyone

It has been a while, unfortunately my cousin who was only 28 years old passed away on the 17th feb,the cnacer he had was a very aggressive one and he lost the battle.

Thanks to all of you for your messages.

--- 帖子 #1053 ---
I am really sorry to hear that

--- 帖子 #1054 ---
Hi Trendman,

i am sorry to hear that. Is there anything we can help? ;-)

Cap

--- 帖子 #1055 ---
very sad news, i feel v sorry 4 this

--- 帖子 #1056 ---
Hello Fellas,

I am pretty new to this thread but I have noticed that there quite a good number of positive response regarding this strategy. I have downloaded the indicators and templates in page 1 and have also read the instruction. However, I am unable to read through all the pages of this thread due to time factor. There is a possibility that instructions given in page 1 of this tread may have been modified. Will appreciate if any1 can put me through such modification.

Regards,

Chirpy

--- 帖子 #1057 ---
Hi Trendman:

I'm very sorry about your lost.

It's good to hear from you.

--- 帖子 #1058 ---
which part r u at? tell us about it and we can help to solve.

thanks

Cap

--- 帖子 #1059 ---
Very good scalping system. Do not know whether it is the period, or just the system, my first day with it and saw the potentials of it. (would test it in demo for a couple of days to see)

Congrats to all the members.

I have a query. I read that volty channel dot must appear before the macd cross (in 1 min). Today I saw (real time) a signal in EJ, but not have taken that since the dot appeared later. I would appreciate a help about that.

In 5 min TF would you prefer macd cross or trix cross to take trades? I have taken some trades because of the trix cross, but the macd was in the opposite direction. (macd, etc in 1 tf was in my favor)

PS apologize about my English since is not my mother tongue

--- 帖子 #1060 ---
Dear Trendman,
I am very sorry to hear your cousin death at wrong time. We everybody has to die just the matter of few years earlier or later. Nothing is more real than death anyway. God bless. By the way, may I know your skype so that I could try to chat with you? Regards

--- 帖子 #1061 ---
Hello all,

First of all i'm sorry to hear about your lost trendman,I know how it felt as Ive also lost my dear one to cancer 10 years ago

Ive finish read all the post in this thread a week ago,4 times actually ,watch the market for a couple of days with the setup,test with demo,tested it last night for real on NY open.

netted 21 pips and lost 8 pips(2W1L),(GBPUSD),newbie luck?maybe , and today a nice setup during asian open but I was still sleeping, all I can say thank you trandman and all them posters who gave valuable input, the correlation of the MA's really astound me, you must have really spent much time analyzing the market to realize such combination of MA's and now you are giving it for free?? such a nice soul u have, at last there is hope for a frequent loser like me (the 95% type ) and all I can say is thank you,live prosper and live well

p/s:I follow the same principal you gave but if I may ,I add up an Ichamakoo cloud for my exit,and always get my SL to BE as soon as it gets to 6 pips,get TP 10 or close the trade once the a candle close inside the cloud,I used the same Ichimakoo cloud setting from THV system.still testing this idea.

THANK YOUUU THANKK YOUUU THANK YOUUUUUUU

--- 帖子 #1062 ---
can any one give me some suggestion for best TP and SL ? i am currently using TP= 7 pip and SL= 15 pip. is it good or any suggestion is highly appreciated

--- 帖子 #1063 ---
hi rhmn,

i thought you had been doing well, based on your previous posts? yeah~

--- 帖子 #1064 ---
infect i can only 2-3 hrs asian session, so some times it creats problem, rest doing little bit well, but too much confused about entry and exit, thats y i ask, can u plz give me some suggestion?

hows u doing?

--- 帖子 #1065 ---
1 thought, it might be useful using fibos in the 1min charts to see possible exits or supports. I use them in my main system and found that they are also helpfull here.

--- 帖子 #1066 ---
This has been a wonderful thread thanks to Trendman and his genuine effort to share his knowledge. Let's keep it alive. Thank you Trendman!

--- 帖子 #1067 ---
Hi all

I'm following this strategy for a month, results are very good.

anybody still use it?

if yes, let's share ideas

thx

--- 帖子 #1068 ---
me!haha

--- 帖子 #1069 ---
Actuually better to say forex market is as "gambling market"! Not fully gambling but semi-gambling! I assume many bad big players are in this game and they lure you to be traped and lose money! If 95% forex traders fail then how can you say it is a business? In which business in this world 95% people fail? No good logic works here! Bd people always make this world bad. Currency price should drive based on supply and demand but that does not happen due to those bad people!

--- 帖子 #1070 ---
Dear friends,

it has been a long time since updates had been done for this thread.i hope all of you are gaining profits from it. for 1, i am. haha,...

i have been using this for the past 1 year and yes, Trendman is so right. I respect the fact that he only wanted to clock 50pips a day. coz this system allows me to clock an average of 70+pips a day. It really takes alot of discipline to control yourself. haha,....

nonetheless, friends, do share your experience here too.

thanks

Cap

--- 帖子 #1071 ---
I've been following the trend for quite a while now and tried to use different ideas presented here. Unfortunately because of number of ideas and different mini threads here I never got far enough to create a reliable automated EA. But I am working on it...

--- 帖子 #1072 ---
hey allerune, may i ask, y do you need to use different ideas for this system? unless u r telling me that u had already been getting good results from the current system and trying to improve it.

thanks

Cap

--- 帖子 #1073 ---
capcity

can you give an idea what your trading is like using this system

i.e

1. win ratio

2. how many trades per day

i am starting to look at this system

thanks

--- 帖子 #1074 ---
Hey Capcity

I've been fooling around with this system for a few months and really have gotten some filtered good entries, however a a good stop loss strategy to use with this system has still eluded me.

What kind of SL strategy are u using?

thnx

--- 帖子 #1075 ---
no need SL. coz we are scralping. til now, i hav nvr box out.

--- 帖子 #1076 ---
maq, can i suggest, how about u shared what u had went through 1st? thanks.

--- 帖子 #1077 ---
cap

am still looking here and their at different systems

thats why i was asking questions from u regarding this one

maq

--- 帖子 #1078 ---
is trendman not about nowadays?

--- 帖子 #1079 ---
Hi,luca1982

could you share macd nrp.mq4 source code file? i'd like this indacator very much

thanks!

--- 帖子 #1080 ---
+1!

Thanks a lot in advance!

--- 帖子 #1081 ---
how are you trendman? you are not active lately in FF. hoping you're fine  i tried you're scalping system in binary options and so far it works specially the pullback to channel 30EMA and bang!!! thanks for sharing your knowledge...

--- 帖子 #1082 ---
hi Trendman! I'm hoping you can visit this thread that you started. after depositing $100 in BO it is now $228 after two days with very limited trading time (around 2hrs per day) because I have a regular job. hopefully my winning sreak will continue. by following your strategy this is the first time that i feel confident with my trades. hopefully others will also be profitable.

--- 帖子 #1083 ---
additional $101 after my last post. from $228 it's now $329. thanks Trendman. this strategy works in binary options

--- 帖子 #1084 ---
never traded binary options. what is it exactly ?

--- 帖子 #1085 ---
@whatfx: you can visit this BOD to learn about it. hope it helps. trendman's strategy so far is profitable but you only need to be patient and wait for the pullback.

--- 帖子 #1086 ---
just finished this week of trading $467 from $100. thanks Trendman! hope you're doing fine.

--- 帖子 #1087 ---
Trendman -  I too am a trend trader.  My system being different than yours is irrelevant.  What is far more important is consistency.  What ever one does they should do it the same way every time always following their rules.  Most times we can count on a 50% success ratio.  If one does an adequate job of risk management insuring they loose less than they make on the average, 50% will make them money.  I trade on schedule from 7:00 AM to 1:00 PM and call it a day.  Sometimes I would have been better not to trade the whole time, other times I double my goal when I do.  In any case I am there until the short hand is on the one and the long hand on the 12.

I love it that I do not have to make decisions anymore.  Analyze the charts and follow my rules based on what I see.  The only variable is emotion.  Sometimes that will get in the way.  Maybe my head is some place else, or I am tired, angry and just bummed out.  All of that is bad for trading.  When I find myself in one of those pits, I go do something else other than trading.  I have found I cannot follow my rules if my head is dealing with anything other than trading.

--- 帖子 #1088 ---
Botsog, I stumbled on this thread and I think the scalping system is cool. However, I am yet to master it for binary options. Could you further enlighten me on the process and steps you take to make your trade. hope you see this. thanks


===== 附件下载链接 =====

MACD with crossing.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/331390?d=1254938292
MACD with crossing.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/331391?d=1254938292
5 min chart.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/331394?d=1254938329
1 min chart with 10 30ema.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/337886?d=1255645080
1 min second chart.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/337888?d=1255645131
smC4Scalper%20Signals_v1%20roy%2001%20adjusted%20to%20allow%201%20per%20mov%20avg.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/350097?d=1256904521
Currency Meter.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/332101?d=1254990252
Chapt 23.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/332125?d=1254992423
THV3 Trix v4.01 Div.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/332187?d=1254998011
THV3 FFCal.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/332232?d=1255002397
THV3 FFCal2.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/332233?d=1255002397
RainbowUltimate_v4.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/332573?d=1255034127
reta's_1min.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/332590?d=1255037238
1min_v3.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/333329?d=1255100274
5min_v2.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/333330?d=1255100274
STOCH_Bars_M#_v2.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/333468?d=1255110162
TudorGirl_Vorticity_2.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/333514?d=1255114923
Forex Trend fxfariz.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/333515?d=1255114923
Forex Trend fxfariz.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/333516?d=1255114935
obv  template.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/336512?d=1255516485
EURUSD short.doc: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/336684?d=1255523325
1 min second chart.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/337801?d=1255635797
Stealth V.2.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/347273?d=1256748303
VoltyChannel_Stop_v2.1.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/355011?d=1257426074
VoltyChannel_Stop_v2.1.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/361723?d=1258413911
GMACD Signals.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/378016?d=1260614514
MACD nrp.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/378017?d=1260614854
MACD.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/391202?d=1263361592
