===== 帖子内容 =====

--- 帖子 #1 ---
v2v dynamic trading system
A Project Lookin' Glass by v2v

Unlock the full potential of your trading strategy with the v2v dynamic trading system, designed exclusively for the MT4 platform —Project Lookin' Glass is a revolutionary tool that stands apart from the usual array of trigger alerts and directional arrows.

This system is carefully crafted to enhance your analytical skills and promote a calculated, well-informed approach to trading. By encouraging deeper engagement with market trends and dynamics, the v2v dynamic trading system fosters critical thinking and helps you avoid impulsive, reactionary decisions. Experience a transformation in your trading journey as you cultivate a strategic mindset and confidently seize profitable opportunities.

To download the full system directly, click ► HERE, or continue reading below to learn more about it.

The v2v dynamic trading system embraces a unique, dynamic learning experience in a refreshing twist from the traditional' read-the-manual-front-to-back' approach. Instead of simply consuming pre-packaged information, users are encouraged to dive in and discover the system's capabilities, honing their trading skills in a hands-on, self-directed manner. The ultimate goal is to foster an agile, innovative mindset that can thrive in the ever-changing world of modern trading.

And now...

“Take a deep breath, relax, and allow yourself to envision the Market Makers as mere illusions, no more threatening than a virtual assailant in the Matrix. With this in mind, you'll embark on a journey of self-discovery, guided by the elusive Architect from beyond who holds the sacred knowledge of the Akashic records.

The veil is lifted, revealing an intricate web of market dynamics and nuances. As you navigate the labyrinth of trading possibilities, you begin to forge a personalized neural pathway, customizing your approach to the hidden intricacies of this parallel universe. With the aid of the v2v dynamic trading system, you'll discover new insights, leverage powerful tools, and chart your course toward financial enlightenment.

This is a quest, not just for monetary gain, but for a deep understanding of the art (or perhaps science) of trading that will stay with you beyond the confines of time and space.” ─ Agent v2v

That said, be sure to...

The v2v dynamic trading system is a powerful tool for discretionary traders looking to balance a planned strategy with the flexibility to adjust their real-time approach. This system allows traders to effectively monitor their trades and adapt to the ever-changing market conditions. By highlighting potential opportunities, assessing directional probabilities, and assisting traders in navigating the shifting landscape, this system offers the insights necessary for confident, informed decision-making.

Please be aware that the v2v dynamic trading system is still a work in progress and is undergoing continuous refinement and development. I am committed to providing an exceptional tool, and your feedback is essential for improvement. I encourage you to share your suggestions and ideas. While I may not be able to implement all of them, I will consider them as I work to make the v2v dynamic trading system the best it can be.

Navigating the line between reality and illusion, you may find yourself questioning whether you've truly taken the red pill. It seems as though your eyes have opened to a new world where the edges of the Matrix are always changing. You might feel a sense of rebirth, experiencing the thrill of a new digital reality as your perceptions are influenced by the code of the v2v dynamic trading system.

Like Neo, you notice the peculiarities and glitches in this virtual world: a familiar black cat crossing your path, a moment of déjà vu appearing briefly. These are simply signs of a system in transformation, codes being rewritten, and a trading tool evolving and gaining power. At this moment, it feels like anything is possible. Just like Neo, you, too, may discover that you have the potential to bend the rules and break free from the constraints of traditional trading methods. In this environment, in this Matrix of v2v, the only limit is your imagination.

The definition of technologies used inside this system...

☛ The VWAP bands on this system

Using an average true range/average range or an average daily range, the VWAP bands (shifted from the main line) are calculated with statistical z-scores. The VWAP calculation is primarily based on the lecture by Dr. Paul Levine (R.I.P.) on the MIDAS system.

A statistical z-score value can be injected into an algorithm or included in an equation for predicting trend-end probabilities. The vertical line guides on the chart (from & to) are used for plotting price inflection points or session ranges (4-hour, daily, weekly, and monthly or 8-hour or 24-hour market range). The setup included a feature that can switch from MVWAP (MA-based VWAP ) to classic VWAP. MA (Moving Average) is a non-lag Hull MA calculated using Fulk's Matulich for T3-based MA. As a result, I call it T3-HMA.

As part of the system, linear, volume-weighted MAs are applied (but only some of them, as the rest use adaptive calculations with Price) before adding the DSMA filter (Deviation-Scaled MAs by John F. Ehlers). Then, the MA's period calculation within the system is calculated/assigned dynamically based on the current Dominant Cycle Period.

☛ Dynamic Zones by Leo Zamansky, Ph.D. and David Stendahl

The Dynamic Zone indicator elaborately shows how it solves common trading complications. An oscillator is a valuable technical analysis tool employed in aggressive investment strategies to capitalize on market trends. This approach to investing adheres to a straightforward, logic-based methodology - It only enters the market when an oscillator has moved far above or below traditional trading levels. However, these indicator-driven systems cannot evolve with the market because they use fixed buy and sell zones. Traders typically use one set of buy and sell zones for a bull market and substantially different zones for a bear market.

Herein lie the complications. Once traders begin introducing their market opinions into trading equations, they negate the system's mechanical nature by changing the zones. The objective is to have a system automatically define its buy and sell zones and thereby profitably trade in any market- bull or bear. Dynamic Zones present a dynamic solution to the limitations of fixed buy and sell zones in any indicator-driven system.

☛ Jurik filter ─ phase and smoothing

JMA (Jurik Research Moving Average) phase and smoothing calculation. Have you noticed how moving averages add some lag (delay) to your signals, especially when price gaps are up or down in a substantial move, and you are waiting for your moving average to catch up? Wait no more! JMA eliminates these complications forever and gives you the benefits of both worlds: low lag and smooth lines.

Ideally, for instance, a filtered signal should be smooth and lag-free. Lag causes delays in your trades, and increasing lag in your indicators typically results in lower profits. In other words, latecomers get what's left on the table after the feast has already begun. The JMA's improved timing and smoothness will astound you.

JMA is a powerful adaptive tracker that can smooth time series data with minimal lag, no overshoots, and no oscillations. The algorithm is stable and avoids the complexities of neural networks. JMA delivers the most reliable all-around performance for smoothness, accuracy, and timeliness.

☛ Best Formula: Using Average Price Bar ( APB )

Average Price Bars (APBs) more accurately represent the current market by minimizing fluctuations in nominal price action, often referred to as the “choppiness” of current High, Low, and Close price action. In other words, APBs eliminate the noise of price distortion.

☛ haDelta (Heiken Ashi - Delta)

haDelta is a simple formula originally developed and published by Mr. Dan Valcu. The idea behind haDelta is to quantify HA candles. One can measure momentum, which is very important when you use haDelta for reversals. It measures the difference between haClose and haOpen. Caution: High sensitivity if used.

☛ Uses Hull MA (by Allan Hull), but this one is a variation from Low lag to zero lag.

Various moving averages exist, with the Simple Moving Average (SMA) being the most basic. However, the SMA suffers from a significant lag in price movements. To address this issue, the Exponential and Weighted Moving Averages were introduced, which focus more on recent data for better accuracy. Allan Hull developed the Hull Moving Average (HMA), A remarkably fast and seamless technique that practically eliminates delays while also improving smoothness at the same time. The dynamic MyRSI with NET, combined with T3 Hull MA variation, Jurik filters, and phase & smoothing, ultimately achieves optimal lag elimination for more precise results.

☛ Ehler's Deviation-Scaled Moving Average ( DSMA )

The Deviation-Scaled Moving Average (DSMA) is an innovative data-smoothing technique introduced by John Ehlers in the July 2018 issue of TASC magazine. The DSMA functions as an exponential moving average with a dynamic smoothing coefficient, which adapts based on the magnitude of price changes. By utilizing the standard deviation from the mean to measure this magnitude, the DSMA provides substantial data smoothing, even when price changes are small, while swiftly adapting to these changes. As a result, this indicator offers minimal computational lag and rapid adaptation to price variations, making it an effective tool for identifying trends and potential trading opportunities.

☛ Vertical Horizontal Filter ( VHF )

The Vertical Horizontal Filter (VHF), developed by Adam White, is a valuable tool for identifying trending and ranging markets. Similar to the ADX in the Directional Movement System, the VHF evaluates the degree of trend activity, allowing traders to use trend indicators in trending markets and momentum indicators in ranging markets. By effectively differentiating between these market conditions, the Vertical Horizontal Filter facilitates more accurate and informed decision-making when employing various trading strategies.

☛ Dominant Cycle Period ( DCP )

The DCP-generated value is being used as a dynamic Period parameter value (for dynamic MyNET).

Based on Homodyne Discriminator by John F. Ehlers, Rocket Science for Traders. This type of algorithm exhibits superior performance in a low signal-to-noise environment.

☛ Linear Momentum ─ a.k.a. MomenTicks

Linear momentum is defined as the product of a system's mass multiplied by its velocity. In symbols, linear momentum is expressed as p = mv. Momentum is directly proportional to the object's mass and velocity. Thus, the greater an object's mass or the greater its velocity, the greater its momentum.

☛ My NET ( Noise Elimination Technology )

As a technical indicator, My NET employs Kendall correlation to eliminate nonlinear noise. However, the application of additional filters in this system results in a significantly less noisy plot than RSI.

The NET is a modified version of the RocketRSI Relative Strength Index. A one-bar close price difference is calculated as the ratio between their absolute values and the sum of the recent one-bar close price differences.

☛ Elegant Osci

In a unique update for dynamic MyNET with the SmoothStep function, "An Elegant Oscillator: Inverse Fisher Transform Redux," author John Ehlers (At TASC Magazine article - February 2022) explains how he uses the inverse Fisher transform to create an indicator he calls the elegant oscillator.

First, he describes the Fisher transform before explaining the inverse Fisher transform, which provides normalization by dividing the root mean square (RMS) value into the waveform.

The elegant oscillator can spot reversion-to-the-mean opportunities with improved timing capabilities.

☛ Momentum Deviation

This is another variation of a standard deviation as it got embedded with dynamic MyNET

- it uses the momentum of price (instead of price itself) for calculation

- It is calculated in a way that it takes minimal CPU load

- As far as values are concerned, it is similar to standard deviation. It is the same as a standard deviation -it can calculate the deviation of anything.

☛ The ADX

ADX is a popular indicator whose elaborated form is the Average Directional Movement. Traders rely on this indicator to assess the strength of the trend. However, using the traditional ADX requires a perfect understanding of the highs and lows of the market. To make things easier, the developers have created the ADXm Indicator.

dynamic MyNET uses the ADXm algorithm.

☛ The Linear Regression-adjusted Quantitative Qualitative Estimation double

TASC magazine's August 2022 issue featured another variant of a moving average called “The Linear Regression-Adjusted Exponential Moving Average." Author Vitali Apirine presents a technique called the linear regression-adjusted exponential moving average (LRAdj EMA) to combine a linear regression indicator with an EMA. The indicator can be used to help define turning points while filtering price movement. The LRAdj EMA can be applied in combination with a traditional exponential moving average of the same length to facilitate trend identification.

☛ Hurst Exponent with NET (a variation) - inside dynamic MyNET

In the 1970s, an American engineer called JM Hurst published a theory about why financial markets move in the way they do. The theory was the result of many years of research on powerful mainframe computers, and it became known as Hurst’s Cyclic Theory. Hurst claimed a 90% success rate in trading based on his theory, and yet the theory has remained largely undiscovered and often misunderstood.

The Hurst Exponent is used as a measure of the long-term memory of time series. It relates to the autocorrelations of the time series and the rate at which these decrease as the lag between pairs of values increases. Studies involving the Hurst exponent were originally developed in hydrology for the practical matter of determining optimum dam sizing for the Nile River's volatile rain and drought conditions that had been observed over a long period. The name "Hurst exponent," or "Hurst coefficient," derives from Harold Edwin Hurst (1880 - 1978), who was the lead researcher in these studies; the use of the standard notation H for the coefficient also relates to his name.

The Hurst exponent is referred to as the "index of dependence" or "index of long-range dependence." It quantifies the relative tendency of a time series either to regress strongly to the mean or to cluster in a direction.

A value of H in the range 0.5 - 1 indicates a time series with long-term positive autocorrelation, meaning that a high value in the series will probably be followed by another high value and that the values a long time into the future will also tend to be high.

A value of H in the range of 0 to 0.5 indicates that a time series exhibits long-term switching between high and low values in adjacent pairs. This means that a high value is likely to be followed by a low value, and the value after that is expected to be high, with this pattern of switching between high and low values persisting for a long time.

A value of H = 0.5 can indicate a completely uncorrelated series, but it is the value applicable to series for which the autocorrelations at short time lags can be positive or negative but where the absolute values of the autocorrelations decay exponentially quickly to zero. This is in contrast to the typical power-law decay for the 0.5 < H < 1 and 0 < H < 0.5 cases.

Hurst exponent estimation is a viable tool for analyzing the past. Looking at a correctly estimated H value can answer the following question: was the market persistent, or was it anti-persistent? In turn, that would help you analyze the performance of your trading strategy or expert advisor during that particular period.

YouTube video about Hurst Trading

Note to Self: “While no methodology or system that works in every instance . . . I have never seen anything so consistent” ─ just like this system ; )─

No guarantees are provided as to the accuracy, completeness, timeliness, suitability, or accuracy of any information - such as indicators, videos, images, and charts - posted or shared here. The contents I posted here at ForexFactory (FF) are subject to modification (bound by FF and thread owner's rules and restrictions) and may have become unreliable due to a variety of factors, including changes in market conditions or economic factors.

It is important to recognize that trading inherently involves a degree of risk, and individual outcomes may vary. Past performance and personal experiences should not be viewed as indicative of future results. To evaluate the suitability of any investment strategy, product, or service discussed here, it is advisable to consult with a qualified investment professional who can assess your unique circumstances. Please be aware that all investments carry risks, including the potential loss of principal.

The primary intention behind sharing this information is not to gain a following or subscribers but rather to contribute to the broader trading community and maintain an online record of this system's development. Furthermore, I would like to clarify that I do not have ADHD.

Before using the v2v dynamic trading system (templates), please review the following information:

Loading Historical Data (New STEPS to follow)

If you are a new user or have recently opened an account with your trusted broker, follow these steps (refer to the screenshots below):Go to the History Center: Tools menu > History Center  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Run the script: LoadHistory_M1-data_Only  Attached Image (click to enlarge)
After the process is complete, your MT4 chart will be filled with an additional number of bars ranging between 2048 and 65536 M1 bars. These bars are directly sourced from your broker's server (not Metaquotes). This imported data usually exceeds the amount that can be retrieved normally, providing the v2v dynamic trading system with a more extensive historical tick dataset for analysis.Afterward, delete any dummy tick data from 1970 to maintain accuracy. If you haven't obtained the maximum historical data post-deletion, re-add the 1970 record temporarily and repeat the process. This approach efficiently acquires maximum M1 data for your selected currency pair. Proceed to download data for other timeframes as needed. Important Notes:The v2v dynamic trading system uses M1 historical tick data by default. Load other TF data using the same steps. The system needs a broad tick data history, so it should grow with the MT4 platform. As the platform gathers data, error messages ("not enough tick data to calculate," "data horizon breach," and "array out of range") should no longer appear in the Expert logs.

The v2v dynamic trading system is a powerful tool, but its effectiveness depends on the user's skill. To fully leverage this system, it's essential to educate yourself about both the system and the market. This process requires dedication, research, and a willingness to deepen your understanding. If you encounter obstacles or challenges while using the system, remember that its creator has invested significant effort into its development. Negative criticism, though it may be tempting, often fails to provide constructive feedback and can hinder progress. Instead, it's important to approach the system with an open mind, recognizing the potential for improvement while also appreciating the developer's efforts.

In a world where knowledge is power, the v2v dynamic trading system shines as a beacon of opportunity for those willing to embrace its possibilities. As a community of traders, we must cultivate an environment of learning and improvement, supporting one another and the system's creator in our collective journey to understand the complex dynamics of the markets.

The v2v dynamic trading system is an invaluable tool for your trading strategy, and I am excited to share this knowledge with you. Remember to trade wisely and patiently, and most importantly, never stop learning. The benefits of successful trading go far beyond just financial gains; they also foster a deeper understanding of the markets and ourselves.

✜ v2v dynamic trading system ✜

You can consider trying this v2v dynamic trading system only if your current setup is not profitable. Otherwise, it's best to move on.

The current release of the v2v dynamic trading system (Summer Time — DST adjusted):

Attached File(s)   v2v_dynamic_trading_system.zip

2.6 MB
|
21 downloads
|
Uploaded Mar 24, 2025 11:25pm

Chart templates:
• Once loaded, verify the indicator parameter to check if the recursive calculation is ON or OFF.
• To track market session times, check market24hclock dot com, worldtimebuddy dot com, and herein at ForexFactory.

Operational setup:

For smoother navigation when adjusting your chart screen and settings, consider temporarily disabling certain features like dynamic MyNET or Hidden Gap finder (turn OFF). Reducing the start bar parameter value can also help. This will allow for a more seamless experience when setting stop-loss and take-profit levels, closing existing positions, or making other adjustments. Remember, once done, you can always reactivate these features (turn back to ON).

The below screenshot is the updated Look & Feel.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The expert reviews...

❝ His chart... You can tell it's real because it looks so fake, honestly ❞ ; )─ Elon Musk.

❝ The Swiss Army Knife for the MT4 trading platform ❞ ; )─ Chat GPT

"The v2v dynamic trading system comprises a comprehensive collection of tools and indicators that function in tandem. It is crucial not to use them in isolation, as relying on only one or two tools may lead to inaccurate results and subpar trading outcomes."

"The v2v dynamic trading system is designed to promote a more thoughtful and rational approach to trading. It encourages users to enhance their analytical skills and make informed, well-considered decisions. With the system's tools and indicators, users can establish a technical bias based on confluences and setups before the market opens, setting a solid foundation for developing a trading strategy. By customizing the system to fit their unique preferences, users can harness its full potential, allowing it to serve as an extension of their analytical abilities.

Personalizing the v2v dynamic trading system improves its effectiveness and fosters a greater sense of ownership and responsibility among users. By incorporating their analysis and insights into the system's framework, users gain a better understanding of their strengths and weaknesses as traders. This process encourages a more confident and measured approach to the market, enabling users to anticipate and adapt to the ever-changing dynamics of the financial landscape."

Members who can post in this system development thread are...
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2 ---
Now with Volume Profile  ─ Range  ( VPR ) indicator

☛ Based on VP - Range indicator by  FXcoder
☛ This is a modified version by v2v (streamlined features) ─ VWAP & PVP (Peak Volume Price) line only
☛ Fused to work with v2v dynamic trading system ─ with Pivot Fibs plus and v2v VWAP indicator
☛ Code optimized to adhere with v2v coding structure (control center ready navigational features)With data source and horizontal bar graph style button selection ( to be added soon )  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #3 ---
Using user-defined Shifted VWAP with Range Value in pips ( e.g. 9-Wk Range )

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #4 ---
Updates:

6:45 AM
Friday, March 29, 2019
Greenwich Mean Time (GMT)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

─ Volume Profile ─ Range ( VP-R )Added buttons for data source ( M1, M5, M15, M30 ) and Volume Horizontal graph style changer Show data horizon vertical line:  fixed (default: false) ─ PIVOT FIBS plusNow using the same data source being used by VP-R for its own PVP ( also known as POC )

--- 帖子 #5 ---
Hi, v2vboni

Is there a possibility to switch off the intraday session levels (dotted), excepting CME levels (solid)?

Best

D.P.

P.S. PMd to you

--- 帖子 #6 ---
Yes, probably in the future release (including line thickness of those FX Fixing levels), but not a priority at the moment as I am still working on something.

Thanks for the feedback.

--- 帖子 #7 ---
For those who is interested in the MIDAS approach, you might find some at https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...76#post8222476

Best

D.P.

--- 帖子 #8 ---
Thanks for this one... Only just now I've seen this one from that thread ; )─

I will link this at post #1

--- 帖子 #9 ---
Updates:

12:51 PM
Friday, March 29, 2019
Greenwich Mean Time (GMT)Change execution timing for some indicators on M1 chart ─ PIVOT FIBS plusParameter default updates (and re-arrange) Added/Changed parameter option to hide/unhide Sessions and Fx Fixing lines

--- 帖子 #10 ---
The usage of the system

at the picture you can see the VWAP at ATR of 36 period of D1 (the upper picture) ancored at the beginning of the current month;

and the right part of the above picture (the lower one) - the usage of the VWAP at ATR MONTHLY.

great stuff

Best

D.P.

--- 帖子 #11 ---
..,.presented nicely. The Anchored VWAP

I will revisit the earlier version or modification I made for VWAP so that it can be used for two VWAP in action (anchored VWAP approach) ─as a guest indicator for this system

--- 帖子 #12 ---
Updates & Fixes:

FINAL RELEASE FOR TODAY

3:18 PM
Friday, March 29, 2019
Greenwich Mean Time (GMT)Some  code optimization (including minor fixes) ─ HA-APBDefault candlestick parameter value update ─ change from APB based to normal HA candle Fixed the on-load issue when the chosen default candlestick bar is the normal Japanese candlestick.

--- 帖子 #13 ---
This was quietly added earlier ; )─

--- 帖子 #14 ---
what indicator?  In what indicator have you made it?

D.P.

--- 帖子 #15 ---
I do use MIDASes (i.e. VWAPs, they both are the same in formulas ;-) ancored at some specific and common-used timeframes, from the beginning of the year and month, for example. Try it, and you will be pleasantly surprised. I do use them for many years so far.

Additionally I must say that the ancored MIDAS/VWAPs are the realy true support and resistance tools. No tools are needed.

But to see the whole market picture one needs using the MIDAS/VWAPs legacy for the different timeframes.

Best

D.P.

--- 帖子 #16 ---
The Pivot Fibs indi

--- 帖子 #17 ---
Thanks for the valuable information you've shared here.  I will try these things.

Cheers!

--- 帖子 #18 ---
P.S.

At last, v2v, take some sort of thoughts about possibility to use your VWAP indicator twice or triple times at the same chart. It can be interesting to have, but it is hard work for a computer though.

I will give more, if you ask privatly

Best

D.P.

found, thanks

charts look much better, much lightweighter

P.S.S.

We all need having a manual for using indicators, parameters need explanations
OR

you can add the parameter description directly to the reature description printed above

P.S.S.S

Weekly High & Low Levels NEED TO BE RECHECKED. THEY SEEM TO BE NOT FUNCTIONING

CANCELLED !!! They are functioning TEXTUALLY, WITH NO LINES PRINTED ON A CHART

--- 帖子 #19 ---
Yes, heavy indeed... it eats a lot of CPU resources. About the weekly high & lows... it was actually coded with no lines...

I am about to upload the new release wherein VP-R is now fused with VWAP (as a 1st instance of this system) ... Hence, the v2v VWAP is for anchoring Only (as a 2nd instance of this system). And if the user wanted to attach another, it simply needs to change the Instance ID (as a 3rd instance of this system). ─though users can use another VWAP (lightweight version).
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #20 ---
Thank you for the huge effort V2.

--- 帖子 #21 ---
V2v,

1/ As for the first bolded - Yes, I thought of that way. Got it!

2/ The second bolded, on the picture you have shown the cross of two VWAPs, yes, you have nailed it again - it might be used this way.

Best

D.P.

--- 帖子 #22 ---
Just updated...

4:43 PM
Saturday, March 30, 2019
Greenwich Mean Time (GMT)

─ VP-R:Fused with v2v VWAP (default range type - ADR).
─ v2v VWAP: Now it can be attached with multiple instances on your chart (default range type - ATR).
Get it here at post #1

--- 帖子 #23 ---
Found a small bug...

7:00 PM
Saturday, March 30, 2019
Greenwich Mean Time (GMT)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get the updated release here at post #1

--- 帖子 #24 ---
Tip of the day...

─ You can delete the vertical line guides to reset its position. In result... all vertical line guides reverts to Bar 1, except data horizon line (if enabled) ─a guide for indicators with PVP line).

─ Another way... press >>> Ctrl + B on your keyboard >>> Select All >>> DELETE ─ all v2v system objects will be restored

This may be useful if ever you are switching from higher TF down to lower TF
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #25 ---
this week's final release...

8:46 PM

Saturday, March 30, 2019
Greenwich Mean Time (GMT)

Get the updated release here at post #1

--- 帖子 #26 ---
Updates & Fixed ※ Volume Profile ─ Range ( VP-R ) with fused v2v VWAPFixed issue with fused VWAP Added button for the horizontal bar position on the chart (Window Left/Right, Left Inside) Code optimization 8:40 AM
Friday, April 5, 2019
Greenwich Mean Time (GMT)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get the updated release here at post #1

--- 帖子 #27 ---
My top 3 indicators on this system

1) Volumes on Main Chart ─ more important for me because I am actually a momentum trader.
2) Volume Profile Range ( VPR ) fused with VWAP
3) Heiken Ashi - APB with PAC
.
.
.
#4-5 TDZ & Pivot Fibs plus... respectively ; )─

--- 帖子 #28 ---
Minor code optimization for the following indicators:Volume Profile Range HA-APB Pivot Fibs plus v2v VWAP  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #29 ---
Hi, v2v

I just would like to ask is there any possibility to add SD bands as an option?

I understand motivation you have said before, however, I would like to look at origins where both of SD and ATR bands cross.

It is not a priority, but may be useful.

Best

D.P.

P.S. P.Md.

--- 帖子 #30 ---
I was looking at it... but I hold it off for a while as I am still cleaning up or streamlining the existing codes or structure of the system, making sure there will be no big issues.

...regards

--- 帖子 #31 ---
THE HIGHER TIMEFRAME SYSTEM USAGE EXPLAINED

Best

D.P.

--- 帖子 #32 ---
The Price Action Channel... HA-APB features

M30 TF (EURUSD)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

H4 HA candles on M30 TF
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The J. Perl approach using VWAP and Volume Profile
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Download it here >>> to know more about J.Perl approach/strategy. ( the .swf file can be played using internet explorer )

--- 帖子 #33 ---
Classic method !

In other words, PVP becomes support / resistance, respectively.

Addon to the above thesis - if PVP is broken through, the price goes to VWAP.

Best

D.P.

--- 帖子 #34 ---
...another example on how I read the v2v dynamic system.

EU: M30 TF
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #35 ---
1,1274 - 1,1280 weekly range will be hit today (possibly)

Stay green

D.P.

--- 帖子 #36 ---
Last Wednesday's NFCI Release

https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...1#post12204911

--- 帖子 #37 ---
Updates:

2:08 PM
Tuesday, April 9, 2019
Greenwich Mean Time (GMT)Sync optimization among VP-R, VWAP and Pivot Fibs plus VP-R horizontal bar point scale adjustment Fixed issue when using Symbol (pair) switcher with VP-R and VWAP Get the updated release here at post #1

--- 帖子 #38 ---
v2v

May we have an independent VPs?

- the way you made the different VWAPs

D.P.

--- 帖子 #39 ---
This is a News calendar tool as a guest indicator for v2v dynamic system ; )─

I'm using this one for quite some time... modified by v2v

12:53 AM
Thursday, April 11, 2019
Greenwich Mean Time (GMT)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it here at post #1

--- 帖子 #40 ---
Great work is really impressed

you know that I am a MPROFILE freak, your thing is what you set here is perfect

v2vboni

--- 帖子 #41 ---
v2v

Can be the dash-dotted line be separtedly switched off/on, its stile to be separatedly adjusted?

Best

D.P.

--- 帖子 #42 ---
I don't know what you mean... but it will remain as it is... until I decided that it is useless, but so far those shifted VWAP is as good as it gets as a MIDAS (not much though) type of tool. The core of the v2v dynamic system is Volume Profile & Range (ATR, ADR, AWR, AMR and Custom Range)... and the VWAP tool/strategy is just one the confirmation bias (TDZ, Pivot Fibs) that may support the core or the main context.

If you want to turn it off.. simply change the indicator parameter to disable shifted VWAP.

Note: My coding skills (intermediate) are not that advance compares to the likes of a gun programmer or speed coder with the likes of abokwaik or the master coder like mladen... and the likes. This is just one of the reasons why I stated at post #1 the following statement:Ideas/suggestions are very much welcome, but don't expect that it can be added or considered.

--- 帖子 #43 ---
I meant these lines.

I have tries to change their stile and color and nothing happened unfortunately.

Best

D.P.

--- 帖子 #44 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #45 ---
...hindsight warning

UJ | M30 TF | Tokyo Session open plotting (daily) of two vertical lines guide (from) VPR & VWAP
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #46 ---
Thanks, v2v, but I have already tried it.

Such a configuration switches off all the lines, ...not those needful to be independent.

Best

D.P.

--- 帖子 #47 ---
Latest NFCI Release

Index Points to Steady Financial Conditions in Week Ending April 5

The NFCI was unchanged at –0.84 in the week ending April 5. Risk indicators contributed –0.37, credit indicators contributed –0.32, and leverage indicators contributed –0.15 to the index in the latest week.

TThe ANFCI was also unchanged in the latest week, at –0.67. Risk indicators contributed –0.47, credit indicators contributed –0.37, leverage indicators contributed –0.12, and the adjustments for prevailing macroeconomic conditions contributed 0.29 to the index in the latest week.

The NFCI and ANFCI are each constructed to have an average value of zero and a standard deviation of one over a sample period extending back to 1971. Positive values of the NFCI have been historically associated with tighter-than-average financial conditions, while negative values have been historically associated with looser-than-average financial conditions. Similarly, positive values of the ANFCI have been historically associated with financial conditions that are tighter than what would be typically suggested by prevailing macroeconomic conditions, while negative values have been historically associated with the opposite.

...it remains steady: last week >>> https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...1#post12204911

With regards to last week CoT data for EUR  ...the share of Open Interest (OI) is getting big

--- 帖子 #48 ---
My first trade with your system, had to wait a long time

--- 帖子 #49 ---
Updates:

07:23 AM
Friday, April 12, 2019

Greenwich Mean Time (GMT)Sync/Code optimizations done to all indicators Pivot Fibs plus ─ Sessions and Fx Fixings timing updates >>> you may refer to post #1 for guided URL links to adjust accordingly to your trading setup Guest indicator: News Event indicator optimization ─ Fixed Web Update and removed Global Variables dependency for XML update. Updated News Box Settings. (1) News.ex4 ─ classic ( web XML update/check run/reset timer from an on-load event )
(2) News_Event.ex4 ─ classic but with button control for impact selection ( web XML update/check run/reset timer from an on-load event and when switching from News OFF to ON ) Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it here >>> post #1

--- 帖子 #50 ---
News Events indicator updates: (reposted, - again found a minor issue) ... promise this is a final revision ; )─Alert parameter updates Code optimization: Improved FF XML execution update & maintenance process (UPDATED) Updated News Event impact selection Added option for text size/font name By Impact CurrencyHigh Impact News ONLY (from the original ) High & Medium (from the original ) High - Medium - Low ( H-M-L ) (from the original ) Meeting/Minutes ( added by v2v ) Speakers/Gov/Member ( added by v2v ) Bank Holiday or Holidays ( added by v2v ) 7:34 PM

Monday, April 15, 2019
Greenwich Mean Time (GMT)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The updated version has been shared at post #1

--- 帖子 #51 ---
News Events indicator... updates:

By Impact CurrencyHigh Impact News ONLY (from the original ) High & Medium (from the original ) High - Medium - Low ( H-M-L ) (from the original ) Central Bank ( added by v2v ) Leading indicators ( added by v2v ) Inflationary ( added by v2v ) Growth ( added by v2v ) Labor (Employment, Unemployment, Wage, Payrolls) ( added by v2v ) 4:04 AM
Wednesday, April 17, 2019
Greenwich Mean Time (GMT)

The updated version has been shared at post #1

--- 帖子 #52 ---
v2v dynamic system has been updated:font size adjustment of navigational buttons improved allow dll checks with info /error display on the chart when clearing all objects manually >>> pressing [ CTRL + B ] [ List All ] [ CTRL + A ] [ Delete ] will restore all objects. A sort of maintenance only if you added a bunch of lines or you wanted a reset of all objects location (e.g. VWAP/VPR vertical line guides ─ to & from <<< though you may delete just the two normally in a simple stroke of mouse and delete key) added another sync action for vpr indi (visual issue) and pivot fibs plus indicator with regards to one particular screen setup for horizontal bar type (#4) to clear the show box session (static broker session). Attached Image (click to enlarge)
...you may download the updated system at post #1

10:31 PM
Wednesday, April 17, 2019
Greenwich Mean Time (GMT)

--- 帖子 #53 ---
Updated info... ( post #1 )

The core indicator of this system are the following ( in no particular order ) :Pivot Fibs plus Volumes on Main Chart Volume Profile - Range ( VP-R ) VWAP
☄ Ideally...

☛ The v2v dynamic system is best suited on H4 TF or higher using a Trend following strategy... However, if Session timings are the main or crucial part of a strategy, one must/should or may consider using the H1 timeframe and below ONLY. This is particularly logical or correct as the indicator builds pivots using the current chart prices (data). So there is no sense to use the Session guides ( Weekly-Monthly-Q1-Yearly ) for time frames higher than H1. It means... that one needs to be careful when using a Weekly chart to build MN1, Q1, and YR1 because as the original coder of the All Pivots indicator (the core of Pivot Fibs plus) said that... he can't get the exact start date of these timeframes, which is actually true. Hence don't rely on Pivots build if your current chart timeframe is higher than H1. Thus on the W1 chart, one should look "inside" of bars to find the correct prices for 1st January and 31st December of each year (almost always). Hence, the original coder suggested not use the Pivots on larger than D1 timeframes.

☛ With Volume Profile ─ Range indicator which is typically suited for the M30 timeframe is very useful together with Pivot Fibs plus indicator which has the PVP (Peak Volume Price, also known as POC) without the horizontal volume bars.

☛ Swing Traders may use the TDZ's dynamic floating levels or zones (band high & low with midpoint) that may look to show OB/S levels (careful, looks ONLY).

☛ The Pivot Fibs indicator is armed with calculated ranges wherein the Daily and Weekly range info is better or more reliable if the current timeframe is less than or equal H1 TF only... more importantly when gauging or sizing up the trading range.

--- 帖子 #54 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I always compare with my trade mp, that's great, what you have created there, as I said wait then running

--- 帖子 #55 ---
Thanks, Kette!

I actually continuously learning Market Profile based on J.Dalton...

...and then Volume Profile approach by Trader Dale, and VWAP by J. Perl or MIDAS VWAP by Dr. Paul Levine (RIP).

--- 帖子 #56 ---
that's good, I always act away from the big volume, 70% fits that too, you know the market does what he wants it's always 50-50, you have great weather on your picture

--- 帖子 #57 ---
@v2vboni Beside Dalton studying and watching all stuff Peter Reznicek posted on his website, twitter and youtube is also a great source for market profile

--- 帖子 #58 ---
Yes, indeed... one of Dalton's product of his teachings. I wasn't able to say that earlier because of his surname as I might misspell it ; )─. I downloaded his videos from youtube last year.  There's another guy... from India.

--- 帖子 #59 ---
>>> v2v dynamic system: Optimized and removed some indicator log printouts from the entire system

>>> News Events indicator...updates

By Impact (high, medium, low), Currency (country), and ALL Currency (country)ALL News Event ( added by v2v ─ NO currency restriction ─ access via button ) High Impact News ( from the original ─ showing current pair ─ or with selected currency from the parameter) High & Medium ( from the original ─ showing current pair ─ or with selected currency from the parameter ) High - Medium - Low ( from the original - showing current pair ─ or with selected currency from the parameter ) Central Bank ( added by v2v ─ showing current pair or with selected currency from the parameter ) Leading indicators ( added by v2v ─ or with selected currency from the parameter ) Inflationary ( added by v2v ─ showing current pair or with selected currency from the parameter ) Growth ( added by v2v ─ showing current pair or with selected currency from the parameter ) Labor ( added by v2v ─ showing current pair or with selected currency from the parameter )
09:47 PM
Thursday, April 18, 2019
Greenwich Mean Time (GMT)

The updated version has been shared at post #1

--- 帖子 #60 ---
News Events... Updated with tooltips:  Speed improvement of tooltip display (delete the previous post/re-upload)
Attached Image
06:10 AM
Monday, April 22, 2019
Greenwich Mean Time (GMT)

The updated version has been shared at post #1

--- 帖子 #61 ---
v2v dynamic system... updated release.TDZ & TDZ-MTF: The speed default parameter value change to 3.0 minutes for overall system speed performance Removed external Print logs. Fixed minor issue ; )─ with guest indicator News Events >>> When News is OFF, the event timer is killed... and restarted once it turned back to ON.
06:51 PM
Monday, April 22, 2019
Greenwich Mean Time (GMT)

The updated version has been shared at post #1

--- 帖子 #62 ---
hi kette,

how would you act ... away with UJ?

M30 TF
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

regards

--- 帖子 #63 ---
Hi,

I am short, there is always a risk if he slips, then I go out 111.44 of it

--- 帖子 #64 ---
short ...same here, and waiting for the big guys' directional bias movement.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #65 ---
What the big boys do I do not know, I expect it will fall

--- 帖子 #66 ---
one is already heading south

--- 帖子 #67 ---
...probably they are on vacation  ; )─ ...in normal days, I am waiting for that movement most of the time in confluence with volume accumulation inflection points based on volume profile... but as long as I have a better understanding of the fundamental bias behind it or analysis(quantitative/qualitative)... If incomplete, I'll rely on volume/market profile context.

--- 帖子 #68 ---
it is Easter

--- 帖子 #69 ---
Yes, I know it is Easter.

Anyway... How do you find the trading style of Trader Dale using Volume Profile? <<< besides the fact he's selling his services for a fee, and a custom indicator he sells. ─not promoting, as I even modified/fused my own Volume Profile... and even VWAP.. and fused PIVOT FIBS with its own built-in POC or PVP.

Anyway, just wondering if you ever checked it out before. Though I found it the simplest form of Market/Volume Profile without the 70% value area (high/low), 80-20 inside value view, initial balance, of course, the context behind those letters, TPO counts, etc...

--- 帖子 #70 ---
... UJ trade as of post time.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #71 ---
I've been tracking dale's mp some time, but not relevant to my trade, so your point is more interesting to watch and it's very good

--- 帖子 #72 ---
Oh! even me... it is very interesting for me too when I started to fused Volume Profile context with ATR based VWAP to find the starting point in relation with trading range ─which is something new or fresh as I never have seen anyone did that... as far as I know (in retail traders domain).

--- 帖子 #73 ---
...UJ view with TDZ Angleator: ...looking green ; )─ but still just lurking near or around Weekly Pivot

Not sharing the latest (early last year) TDZ Angleator as this is too intensive or too heavy for MT4. This indicator is born out of TMS Angleator by GS using the classic TDI setup.
Attached Image

--- 帖子 #74 ---
Updated release...

News Events indicator...corrected small things like "1 hrs" instead of "1 hr"... the same goes with "1 days" and " 1 mins" the pending alert time (in minutes) is converted accordingly to hours and days or minutes remaining code optimization  Attached Image

7:08 PM
Tuesday, April 23, 2019
Greenwich Mean Time (GMT)

The updated version has been shared at post #1

--- 帖子 #75 ---
Updated News Events indicator...Fixed "Bank Holiday" as similar titles when two or more country will start just within minutes apart when Selection is "ALL" currency  Attached Image

12:35 AM

Thursday, April 25, 2019

Greenwich Mean Time (GMT)

The updated version has been shared at post #1

--- 帖子 #76 ---
Updates:  Traders Dynamic Zones  (TDZ)Removed Divergence Line width changed to 1 Fixed MTF 1st load whenever it switches to another pair using the HA-APB indicator's Symbol changer. 8:59 PM
Friday, April 26, 2019
Greenwich Mean Time (GMT)

...download it here at  post #1

--- 帖子 #77 ---
v2v dynamic system... updates:Heiken Ashi ─ APB code optimization News Events indicator code optimization TDZ & TDZ─MTF code optimization... and changed default update speed in minutes to 0.5 10:49 PM
Sunday, April 28, 2019
Greenwich Mean Time (GMT)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

...download it here at post #1

--- 帖子 #78 ---
Updates: v2v dynamic trading systemRemoved limited bars to load option for TDZ-MTF News Event ─ object deletion of background rectangular box upon removal of chart sub-window 1. 11:52 PM
Monday, April 29, 2019
Greenwich Mean Time (GMT)

...download it here at post #1

--- 帖子 #79 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

your system is great

--- 帖子 #80 ---
Updates: v2v dynamic trading system

9:32 AM
Wednesday, May 1, 2019
Greenwich Mean Time (GMT)Change default HMA/RSI speed from 3.0 to 1.8 ( with the exemption of Long DSMA ) Attached Image     9:31 AM
Wednesday, May 1, 2019
Greenwich Mean Time (GMT)News Event ─ now with News vertical line on Chart (first-row event) Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image     ...download it here at post #1

--- 帖子 #81 ---
Updates: v2v dynamic trading system

7:51 PM
Friday, May 3, 2019
Greenwich Mean Time (GMT) Attached Image (click to enlarge)
reduced indicator filesize code optimization minor issue fixed on the update process change default colors with other indicators brought back divergence with TDZ-MTF only fixed slope change color for TDZ-MTF mode fixed array out of range issue with TDZ indicators fixed Weekly Range on-load display ─ PIVOT FIBS plus indicator Note: By default, some of these indicators are using a limited number of bars to load on-chart in order to add multiple functions & features ─more than the usual. However, having such a self-imposed limitation... produces some unexpected (due to limited coding skills) ; )─ and expected issues that I was able/tried to rectify along the way.

...download it here at post #1

--- 帖子 #82 ---
UPDATES: a new v2v release

The v2v dynamic trading system for MT4 just suited up with an improved Deviation-Scaled algorithm ─ mod & fused with HA-APB calculation - Best Formula exclusively with the following custom indicators ; )─

☛ Traders Dynamic Zones
☛ Long & Short Deviation-Scaled Hull Moving Average
☛ HA-APB Price Action Channel
☛ Neural Network ─ HMA

10:14 PM
Sunday, May 5, 2019
Greenwich Mean Time (GMT)

...download it here at post #1

Updates: News Events ─ FF calendar based indicatorOn-Sunday XML download trigger process minor modification Removed news line on-chart while no event scheduled per algorithmic settings

--- 帖子 #83 ---
updates: v2v dynamic trading system...New default parameters for Short Multiple DSMA, and Linear Weighted MA method only for Long Multiple DSMA HA-APB  updated MTF mode: Heiken Ashi default MTF mode is ON Button action call process modification for Neural Network HMA 11:39 PM
Tuesday, May 7, 2019
Greenwich Mean Time (GMT)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

...download it here at post #1

--- 帖子 #84 ---
v2v dynamic trading system: updates...Cannot set millisecond timer issue with HA-APB in MTF mode has been fixed Fixed HA-APB symbol pairs >>> on-chart location TDZ ─ MTF mode new features have been added ─clickable MTF mid-button switch is now clickable: Instant MTF time frame switches Fixed issue with limited bars for TDZ - MTF switch ( again ) 3:01 PM

Thursday, May 9, 2019
Greenwich Mean Time (GMT)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

..download it here at post #1

--- 帖子 #85 ---
Final Release... for the v2v dynamic trading system for MT4

good luck!

...download it here @ post #1

--- 帖子 #86 ---
this is it! ; )─

the v2v dynamic trading system ─ one of a kind trading system for trading the fundamentals... technically .
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

get it now! >>> @ post #1

--- 帖子 #87 ---
Hi, v2vboni

I have just tried to use the VWAP at the Brent H1 chart. Look at it below.

Why does this ATR Monthly not fit the price volatility? Try youself.

Best

D.P.

--- 帖子 #88 ---
It may be due to market timing ─open session for this type of CFDs or some other reason(s) e.g. bad coding, data, etc.. However, I didn't check much but probably that's the way it is... this indicator ideally for FX pairs only. But, you may use the shifted VWAP multiplier option with the value of 3, 6 or 9 (default 1.0) and the number of pips that you think is correct for a Monthly ATR (if you have this, no need to use a multiplier, keep it as 1.0) ─That is the purpose of these parameters.

You may check the chart below as an example.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Anyway, tired of coding lately as I am busy with streamlining my trading strategy/setup/structure.

Note: I recompiled some of the indicators as sometimes with MT4 bug... It may need to compile three times before the update shows on the chart.

--- 帖子 #89 ---
CoT data: >>> For more info

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #90 ---
CoT data ─ Week #24: >>> For more info
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #91 ---
The News indicator has been updated due to FF's XML data fetching behavior update.

The News Events ─ FF calendar based indicator is fused with button control for News impact/filter selection, tooltip and news line.
─ News_Events.ex4 : with news tooltip - extra info display
─ News.ex4: without tooltip and news line on-chart
Attached Image

Get the updated indicator at post #1

--- 帖子 #92 ---
USDCAD: Near term entry ─ Short bias
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #93 ---
Gold:  near term Buy entry

--- 帖子 #94 ---
EURUSD - Near term... Sell entry setup: between 1.12670 ─ 1.12780
M30 Chart TF: HA candles & Oscillator @H4 TF

--- 帖子 #95 ---
Swing trade... Buy Entry @ 1.11660 and TP @ 1.13660

D1 TF: HA candles & Oscillator @W1 TF
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #96 ---
Crude Oil... Sell entry @ 53.025 and TP @ 51.680
M30 TF: HA candles & Oscillator @H4 TF
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #97 ---
D1 TF: HA candles & Oscillator @W1 TF

AUDJPY: Buy entry
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

AUDJPY: Sell entry
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #98 ---
Crude: Short, near-term entry
Chart @ H4 TF: HA candles & Oscillator @ D1TF
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #99 ---
News Events v1.41  indicator update:
─ Added DailyFX dot com Newsfeed (experimental features only).
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Reading News Guide:
Oz = Australia & Australian
Nz = New Zealand
Wk - Week
Wkly - Weekly

US Dollar Index = DXY

S&P 500 = SPX

Index = Idx

For Currency pair example:
EURUSD = EU
European = Eu
USDCHF = UFr
USDCAD = UC
NZDUSD = NZ
AUDUSD = AU
GBPUSD = GU
EURGBP = EG
...
... etc.

Get the indicator at post #1

--- 帖子 #100 ---
Re-uploaded the v2v dynamic trading system:

─ HA-APB indicator has been updated to fit the News  Events indicator buttons

─ Updated template included

--- 帖子 #101 ---
...minor update: added ForexLive dot com newsfeed

The News Events v1.42 ─ FF calendar based indicator is fused with button control for News impact/filter selection, tooltip, news line, and DailyFx and ForexLive Newsfeed.

─  Fx All ─ dailyfx

─  Fx News Events ─ dailyfx

─  Fx Breaking News ─ forexlive

─  Fx News Alerts ─ dailyfx

─  Fx Market ─ dailyfx

─  Fx CB ─ forexlive

─  Fx Analyst ─ dailyfx

─  Fx T.A. ─ forexlive

Get the indicator at post #1

--- 帖子 #102 ---
News Events  v1.45

☛ Fx Daily ─ dailyfx dot com
☛ Fx Live ─ forexlive dot com
☛ Fx Breaking News ─ forexlive dot com
☛ Fx News Events ─ dailyfx dot com
☛ Fx News Alerts ─ dailyfx dot com
☛ Fx Market ─ dailyfx dot com
☛ Fx Central Bank ─ forexlive dot com
☛ Fx Analyst ─ dailyfx dot com
☛ Fx Technicals ─ forexlive dot com
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #103 ---
News Events v1.50

☛ Fixed on-chart or TF-to-TF switching from Fx News and Scheduled News

☛ Fixed button state retention

☛ Added Fx News Active/InActive row color

The News Events ─ FF calendar based indicator is fused with button control for News impact/filter selection, tooltip, news line, and the DailyFX.com & ForexLive.com Newsfeed.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

☛ Fx Daily ─ dailyfx.com
☛ Fx Live ─ forexlive.com
☛ Fx News Events ─ dailyfx.com
☛ Fx Central Bank ─ forexlive.com
☛ Fx News Alerts ─ dailyfx.com
☛ Fx Breaking ─ forexlive.com
☛ Fx Market ─ dailyfx.com
☛ Fx Technicals ─ forexlive.com
☛ Fx Analyst ─ dailyfx.com
☛ Fx Orders ─ forexlive.com

Get the indicator at post #1

--- 帖子 #104 ---
News Events v1.51

─ Fixed first-row event active state (vertical news line)
─ code optimation

--- 帖子 #105 ---
...warning: an after the fact chart example only ; )─

--- 帖子 #106 ---
Updates:

v2v dynamic system HA-APB indicator  News Events v1.52
Attached Image    Fx News: previous page no.1 to 6 button access Re-rewrite Scheduled News (FF Calendar) XML file for accuracy Get it here at post #1

--- 帖子 #107 ---
News Events v1.53:

update:Fixed minor issue with Fx News page button behavior Get it here >>> post #1

If you can access the following newsfeeds... then this indicator should work on your end:

http://cdn-nfs.faireconomy.media/ff_...r_thisweek.xml
http://rss.dailyfx.com/feeds/all
http://www.forexlive.com/feed
http://rss.dailyfx.com/feeds/trading_news_events

--- 帖子 #108 ---
In case of issues due to previous versions... as the v2v dynamic system (including News Event indicator) uses global variables extensively. Below are the maintenance steps that you may follow:

MT4 global variable maintenance:Press "F3" on your keyboard to delete all or selectively the global variable(s) Or you may use the included Volume on Chart indicator  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

MT4 object maintenance:Press "Ctrl" + "B" on your keyboard Delete all (...and "Ctrl"+"A") or selectively (...put click on checkbox) the objects ─ more importantly, to reset the vertical line guides chart positions that are used for setting up VWAP and Volume Profile chart range.  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #109 ---
News Events 1.60Added... a currency button to insert onto the logic flow in order to  show additionally scheduled news  Attached Image

Get it here >>> post #1

--- 帖子 #110 ---
The News Event v1.69 ...updates:improved features/functions optimized and stable version. with a new template  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it at post #1

--- 帖子 #111 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #112 ---
Big thanks for your contribute...

Can you share your experience with this system?

--- 帖子 #113 ---
I just use the system to identify the probable price inflection points after generating my own bias via the following:fundamental sides (inter-market relationships), and technical sentiment (based on data - e.g. CFTC, options expiries.. etc.) market sentiment/behavior economic data analysis (labor, inflationary, GDP, surveys, central bank data/statement and spoken) upcoming major news, desk news headlines or chatters ...etc. Then... Once I have my own bias, I open my charts to see if I could find some technical confluence, and trade my bias (fundamentals) technically by identifying:The current trend using the simplest form of Price Action (candle math with price action - pin bar, support becomes resistance; vice-versa) Using Volume Profile to identify...Virgin(s) or Not Virgin(s): Point of Control (POC) or Peak Volume Price (PVP) Locate the Price areas wherein there's a highest or lowest Volume (tick) being traded:Low Volume Nodes (LVN) High Volume Nodes (HVN)  The location of the VWAP in relation to the Volume POC or the LVN and HVN  Volume Weighted Average Price (VWAP): Does Price respect VWAP in relation to Volume Profile's POC? Verify if ATR or ADR values are respected in confluence to POC, VWAP, PA, and S&R  Then, the position sizing comes into play in relation to where exactly I plan to enter into a trade, and where to set-up my stop and take profit level(s). Thus, the v2v dynamic trading system is not a stand-alone system... it needs you... as a trader... or as an individual with unique sets of the following:trading knowledge skills with resourcefulness driven passion. behavior (or mental conditions),  and experience. Now, with my less than five years of trading experience... I never found any system so consistent so far. ; )─ ...including this system of mine.

Hence, using my system will return different results (varies) for each individual trader...

--- 帖子 #114 ---
News Events indicator has been updated.

Attached Image

The provided XML URL by FF is usually getting updated approximately on the following time range below every Sunday or weekly.
https://cdn-nfs.faireconomy.media/ff...r_thisweek.xml

The FF's scheduled events (homepage) are always updated... But, it doesn't mean that this (free) XML service download URL is doing the same.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it at post #1

--- 帖子 #115 ---
News Events v1.70 indicator updates...Added "ALL" Currency filter and fixed minor bugs. With a new template... Thus, it requires to clear the global variables (instructions at post #1)  Attached Image
Attached Image

Get it here >>> post #1

--- 帖子 #116 ---
v2v dynamic trading systemVolume Profile Range:  minor issue fixed >>> clearing the horizontal bars upon exit
News Events v1.71 indicator updates...Added global variable maintenance option Added "Speeches" as one of the impact filters Fixed desired Alert in minutes conflicting input with Post-event display in minutes Updated template  Attached Image

Get it here >>> post #1

--- 帖子 #117 ---
v2v dynamic trading systemVP Range indicator: minor issue fixed >>> clearing the horizontal bars upon removal News Events v1.71 indicator updates...Added global variable maintenance option Added "Speeches" as one of the impact filters Fixed desired Alert in minutes conflicting input with Post-event display in minutes Updated template  Attached Image

Get it here >>> post #1

--- 帖子 #118 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #119 ---
Updates:
News Events  v1.72
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Impact Filters Added Ignore Currency Button updated template Get it here >>> post #1

--- 帖子 #120 ---
News Events v1.73 updates...Additional (vertical) lines on-chart display... now, all four event lines are visible upon button-switch behavior; Improved Pairs/Only filters New template  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it here >>> post #1

--- 帖子 #121 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #122 ---
News Events v1.75 updates...New Impact/Selection filters Fixed minor issue with Reset action New template  Attached Image
Get it here >>> post #1

--- 帖子 #123 ---
※ News-Events v1.76 ※

This trading tool is equipped with Forex Factory's Newsfeed calendar data which made for any custom-built third-party Metatrader indicator. Now, with this tool, it is fused and modified with navigational buttons that trigger such a uniquely designed impact prioritization algorithm. For instance, an event type with currency filter selection is instantly filtered or highlighted based on news impact classification with just a click of a button. It also includes an on-chart event vertical line guides. Then lastly, an additional Newsfeed instant switching action from scheduled economic news data to another popular Forex Newsfeed source... such as DailyFX.com & ForexLive.com.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it here >>> Post #1

--- 帖子 #124 ---
※ News-Events v1.77 ※

“If you have some technical system you love. That’s fine. Keep using it. Just add news following to whatever process you currently have.

Observe or search why each currency is moving. Find out what the experts expect the market to do next. Just tune in and absorb. Do this daily.” ─jarratt

The 2-Step formula for finding higher probability trades: Always have a good Fundamental reason or driver to either sell or buy any currency  Find a catalyst or trigger – like news events – that support that Fundamental bias  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it here >>> Post #1

--- 帖子 #125 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #126 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #127 ---
I'm still waiting for idea is great

--- 帖子 #128 ---
H4 TF
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #129 ---
I'll wait until london opens

--- 帖子 #130 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #131 ---
Nice... I had that type of volume profile & market profile before...
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #132 ---
it's good

--- 帖子 #133 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #134 ---
on a... pull back
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #135 ---
※ News-Events v1.78 ※

This trading tool is equipped with Forex Factory's Newsfeed calendar data which made for any custom-built third-party Metatrader indicator. Now, with this tool, it is fused and modified with navigational buttons that trigger such a uniquely designed impact prioritization algorithm. For instance, an event type with currency filter selection is instantly filtered or highlighted based on news impact classification with just a click of a button. It also includes an on-chart event vertical line guides. Then lastly, an additional Newsfeed instant switching action from scheduled economic news data to another popular Forex Newsfeed source... such as DailyFX.com & ForexLive.com.

Get it here >>> Post #1

Tip: You may see the historical vertical news line with this parameter below. For instance, you may change it to 10080 = 1 Week
Note: Forex Factory newsfeed (scheduled weekly calendar data) updates every Sunday Eastern Time.
Attached Image

--- 帖子 #136 ---
※ News-Events v1.79 ※

This trading tool is equipped with Forex Factory's Newsfeed calendar data which made for any custom-built third-party Metatrader indicator. Now, with this tool, it is fused and modified with navigational buttons that trigger such a uniquely designed impact prioritization algorithm. For instance, an event type with currency filter selection is instantly filtered or highlighted based on news impact classification with just a click of a button. It also includes an on-chart event vertical line guides. Then lastly, an additional Newsfeed instant switching action from scheduled economic news data to another popular Forex Newsfeed source... such as DailyFX.com & ForexLive.com.

Get it here >>> Post #1

--- 帖子 #137 ---
H1 TF: HA candles and Oscillator @ H4 MTF mode

Ave. Entry @ 1.11393

TP @ 1.12120

SL @ 1.11050

--- 帖子 #138 ---
...update: Ave. Entry @ 1.11402

Tools:  throwing all... and with the kitchen sink  ; )─

--- 帖子 #139 ---
v2v dynamic trading system

>>> ※ Pivot Fibs Plus ※FIBS ON/OFF session button retention Updated template  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

>>> ※ News-Events v1.81 ※Fixed vertical Newsline Updated template This trading tool is equipped with Forex Factory's Newsfeed calendar data which made for any custom-built third-party Metatrader indicator. Now, with this tool, it is fused and modified with navigational buttons that trigger such a uniquely designed impact prioritization algorithm. For instance, an event type with currency filter selection is instantly filtered or highlighted based on news impact classification with just a click of a button. It also includes an on-chart event vertical line guides. Then lastly, an additional Newsfeed instant switching action from scheduled economic news data to another popular Forex Newsfeed source... such as DailyFX.com & ForexLive.com.

Get it here >>> Post #1

--- 帖子 #140 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #141 ---
...just updated:Code optimization only for some indicators HA-APB indicator ─ added switch button session-retention of a selected candle type (e.g. Jap, HA, APB-HA) Set default candle bar as Japanese candle-stick. Updated template

>>> v2v dynamic trading system

>>> News EVent v1.81

--- 帖子 #142 ---
※ Neural Network ─ HMA-DSMA ...v1.09

☛ Using a variation of HMA algorithm of low-lag to zero-lag, and then... fused with the following:
↓
☛ Jurik Filters/Smoothing and custom MA types
☛ Combined with Deviation-Scaled Moving Average Algorithm
☛ Better & Best Formula (Better & APB calculation)
↓
✦ The button text shows the average predicted open price

✦ As always this type of indicator eats a lot of CPU resources...

Brief theory of Neural Networks:

The Neural network is an adjustable model of outputs as functions of inputs. It consists of several layers:input layer, which consists of input data hidden layer, which consists of processing nodes called neurons output layer, which consists of one or several neurons, whose outputs are the network outputs. All nodes of adjacent layers are interconnected. These connections are called synapses. Every synapse has an assigned scaling coefficient, by which the data propagated through the synapse is multiplied. These scaling coefficient are called weights (w[i][j][k]). In a Feed-Forward Neural Network (FFNN) the data is propagated from inputs to the outputs. Here is an example of FFNN with one input layer, one output layer, and two hidden layers:
Attached Image
The topology of a FFNN is often abbreviated as follows: <# of inputs> - <# of neurons in the first hidden layer> - <# of neurons in the second hidden layer> -...- <# of outputs>. The above network can be referred to as a 4-3-3-1 network.
The data is processed by neurons in two steps, correspondingly shown within the circle by a summation sign and a step sign:All inputs are multiplied by the associated weights and summed The resulting sums are processed by the neuron's activation function, whose output is the neuron output. It is the neuron's activation function that gives non-linearity to the neural network model. Without it, there is no reason to have hidden layers, and the neural network becomes a linear auto-regressive (AR) model.

─ As always this type of indicator with example settings below is a CPU resource hugger
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it here >>> Post #1

--- 帖子 #143 ---
Don't simply use a Moving Average on your chart... Let's make it a little bit complicated ; )─

For that, here is the ※ Long & Short Deviation Scaled Moving Averages... (DSMA) ※ ; )─ Enjoy and have a nice weekend!

DSMA was described in the “The Deviation-Scaled Moving Average.” article of July 2018 TASC Magazine There John Ehlers describes not only the Deviation scaled moving average but a cross of two DSMAs. ─ But with this indicator, it is a system multiple DSMA crossovers.

Similar to GUPPY indicator in terms of Moving Average values and how it is being used ─But with the following fused algorithms...

☛ JMA (Jurik Moving Average): Smoothing/Filter
─ Long DSMA acts like the Slow JMA, and─ Short DSMA acts like the Fast JMA☛ Hull Moving Average non-lag variation

✔ The DSMA is a data smoothing technique that acts as an exponential moving average with a dynamic smoothing coefficient. The smoothing coefficient is automatically updated based on the magnitude of price changes. In the Deviation-Scaled Moving Average, the standard deviation from the mean is chosen to be the measure of this magnitude. The resulting indicator provides substantial smoothing of the data even when price changes are small while quickly adapting to these changes.

✔ Jurik Filters, Phase, and Smoothing
This indicator utilized JMA's (Jurik Research Moving Average) phase and smoothing calculation. Have you noticed how moving averages add some lag (delay) to your signals? ... especially when price gaps up or down in a big move, and you are waiting for your moving average to catch up? Wait no more! JMA eliminates these complications forever and gives you the best of both worlds: low lag and smooth lines.

Ideally, for instance, a filtered signal may both be smooth and lag-free. Lag causes delays in your trades, and increasing lag in your indicators typically results in lower profits. In other words, latecomers get what's left on the table after the feast has already begun. The JMA's improved timing and smoothness will astound you.

JMA is a powerful adaptive tracker that can smooth time series data with a very small lag, no overshoots and no oscillations. The algorithm is stable and avoids the complexities of neural networks. JMA delivers the best all-around performance for smoothness, accuracy, and timeliness.

✔ Hull Moving Average
There are many types of moving averages, the most basic being the Simple Moving Average (SMA). Of all the moving averages the SMA lags price the most. The Exponential and Weighted Moving Averages were developed to address this lag by placing more emphasis on more recent data. The Hull Moving Average (HMA), developed by Allan Hull, is an extremely fast and smooth moving average. In fact, the HMA almost eliminates lag altogether and manages to improve smoothing at the same time.
Attached Image     Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it here >>> Post #1

--- 帖子 #144 ---
...v2v dynamic trading system is powered by JMA

And here's what the Jurik Research Team said about their algorithms:

What is the Theory Behind JMA ?

PART 1 : PRICE GAPS

Smoothing time series data, such as daily stock prices, in order to remove unwanted noise will inevitably produce a graph (indicator) that moves slower than the original time series. This "slowness" will cause the plot to lag somewhat behind the original series. For example, a 31 day simple moving average will lag the price time series by 15 days.

Lag is very undesirable because a trading system using that information will have its trading delayed. Late trades can many times be worse than no trades at all, as you might buy or sell on the wrong side of the market's cycle. Consequently, many attempts were made to minimize lag, each with their own failings.

Conquering lag while making no simplifying assumptions (e.g., that data consists of superimposed cycles, daily price changes having a Gaussian distribution, all prices are equally important, etc.) is not a trivial task. In the end, JMA had to based on the same technology the military uses to track moving objects in the air using nothing more than their noisy radar. JMA sees the price time series as a noisy image of a moving target (the underlying smooth price) and tries to estimate the location of the real target (smooth price). The proprietary mathematics is modified to take into consideration the special properties of a financial time series.

The result is a silky smooth curve that makes no assumptions about the data having any cyclic components whatsoever. Consequently JMA can turn "on a dime" if the market (moving target) decides to turn direction or gap up/down by any amount. No price gap is too large.

PART 2 : EVERYTHING ELSE

After several years of research, we Jurik Research determined that the perfect noise reduction filter for financial data has the following requirements:Minimum lag between signal and price, otherwise trade triggers come late. Minimum overshoot, otherwise signal produces false price levels. Minimum undershoot, otherwise time is lost waiting for convergence after price gaps. Maximum smoothness, except at the moment when price gaps to a new level. When measured up to these four requirements, all popular filters (except JMA) perform poorly. Here is a summary of the more popular filters...Weighted Moving Average -- not responsive to gaps Exponential Moving Average -- excessive undershoot; noisy Adaptive Moving Averages -- (not ours) typically based on oversimplified assumptions about market activity; easily fooled Regression Line -- not responsive to gaps; excessive overshoot FFT filters -- easily distorted by non-Gaussian noise in data; window is typically too small to accurately determine true cycles. FIR filters -- has lag known as "group delay". No way around it unless you want to cut some corners. See "Band-Pass" filters. Band-Pass filters -- no lag only at center of frequency band; tends to oscillate and overshoot actual prices. Maximum Entropy filters -- easily distorted by non-Gaussian noise in data; window is typically too small to accurately determine true cycles. Polynomial Filters -- not responsive to gaps; excessive overshoot In contrast, JMA integrates information theory and adaptive non-linear filtering in a unique way. By combining an assessment of the information content in a time series with the power of adaptive nonlinear transformation, the result pushes the theoretical "envelope" on financial time series filtering almost as far as it can go. Any more and we'd be up against Heisenburg's Uncertainty Principle (something no one has overcome, or ever will).

--- 帖子 #145 ---
Updates... for v2v dynamic trading systemHA-APBRemoved classic PAC option Fixed button session retention and default candle type selection Code optimization
Neural Network - HMA-DSMA-Jurik By default, it is now set to run on volatility triggers by Volume on Main Chart indicator Code optimization
Volume Profile - VWAP Removed Average Price option Only show VWAP line floating above the candles (not showing on horizontal bars) Applied a little of DSMA algorithm to VWAP
v2v VWAP (use for Anchored VWAP) Applied a little of DSMA algorithm to VWAP Updated template

--- 帖子 #146 ---
I have curiosity if you made your neural network from zero or you are using any standard library. Regards

--- 帖子 #147 ---
No... not from zero, from here >>> https://www.mql5.com/en/code/9002

I simply recorded accordingly to my preferred (or based on my limited coding skills with constraints) coding structure that I consistently been using.

Then fused with some algorithmsDSMA HMA Jurik and with some optional custom MAs

--- 帖子 #148 ---
Cool. Thanks  I got some basic C++ of backpropagation because I don't want complicate things but I will try your link too

--- 帖子 #149 ---
BPNN... the link that I shared was using the Back Propagation Neural Network. It includes the updated project files (.cpp, .h, .lib... etc) modified by Mladen to work with 64bit machines

--- 帖子 #150 ---
Then that will make things easier. Thanks again

--- 帖子 #151 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #152 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #153 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #154 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #155 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #156 ---
This one reminded me of Spuds Stochastic Thread Theory
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #157 ---
News : TDZ... just ended the Oscillators Game of Zones ; )─

★ Traders Dynamic Zones ( TDZ ) ...Endgame version 1.54
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Updates/Modifications:Supercharge JMA with HMA non-lag variation Fast JMA Price default parameter value Updated parameter/label names Updated label names for Price volatility bands Price Line as default divergence Code optimization New template ─ to reflect the updates/modifications ...get it here >>> Post #1

--- 帖子 #158 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #159 ---
My posts here makes no guarantees as to the accuracy or completeness of the views expressed, including timeliness, and the suitability of shared information herein. Such as the images or charts, and indicators.

All post might be subject to modification or deletion ─ based on my own prerogative and more importantly... based on FF's rules/restrictions as this may become unreliable for various reasons, including changes in the market conditions or economic circumstances.

In addition, please be reminded that there is always the potential for loss. Your trading results may vary. Unique experiences and past performances do not guarantee future results. Hence, it is highly recommended to seek a duly licensed professional for investment advice whether any given investment idea or strategy described herein may be appropriate for your circumstances. All investments involve risk, including loss of principal.

--- 帖子 #160 ---
Last Friday... Trade Weighted Fx Index
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The charts summarize the relative position of an exchange rate relative to its performance over the last year. The yellow background indicates the square dimension of the chart. The orange dot indicates today's position relative to the high (top of the chart) and low (bottom of the chart) of the FX index during the last 365 days. So if the orange dot is close to the top, the currency is close to its highest valuation. If the orange dot is close to the bottom, the currency is near its lowest valuation. The blue bars indicate the distribution of valuations over the course of one year. The span between high and low valuation is divided into ten ranges (ie, deciles). Then the number of days during which the currency's valuation has been in each of these deciles is counted. The number of days is proportional to the width of each of the ten blue bars. Thus the position of the orange dot relative to the width of the blue bars indicates if the current valuation is a relatively common event or a relatively rare event. For example, if the bulk of valuations has been in the lower deciles, and the orange dot is near the top where the bars are narrow, the currency has recently moved up sharply. These charts ("FX conifers") are a simple method of visually summarizing the performance of a currency over the time period of one year. One useful feature of this chart is that it automatically adjusts for the different volatility of currencies, as the span between one-year high and one-year low is a reflection of a currency's volatility.
Attached Image

A trade-weighted currency index is a weighted average of a basket of currencies that reflects the importance of a country's trade (imports and exports) with these countries. Sometimes a trade-weighted currency index is taken as a crude measure of a country's international "competitiveness". At any rate, a trade-weighted currency index is a useful measure to aggregate diverging trends among currencies of a country's trading partners. For example, Canada is trading mostly with the United States. Thus the USD/CAD exchange rate has a weight of about 80% in Canada's trade-weighted CAD index.

--- 帖子 #161 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #162 ---
...More about JMA

Why does JMA have a PHASE parameter?

There are two ways to decrease noise in a time series using JMA. Increasing the LENGTH parameter will make JMA move slower and thereby reduce noise at the expense of added lag.

Alternatively, you can change the amount of "inertia" contained within JMA. Inertia is like physical mass, the more you have, the more difficult it is to turn direction. So a filter with lots of inertia will require more time to reverse direction and thereby reduce noise at the expense of overshooting during reversals in the time series.
All strong noise filters have lag and overshoot, and JMA is no exception. However, the JMA's adjustable parameters PHASE and LENGTH offer you a way to select the optimal tradeoff between lag and overshoot. This gives you the opportunity to fine-tune various technical indicators.
Attached Image
For example, the chart (above shows a fast JMA line crossing over a slower JMA line. To make the fast JMA line turn "on a dime" whenever the market reverses, it was set to have no inertia. In contrast, the slow JMA was set to have large inertia, thereby slowing down its ability to turn during market reversals. This arrangement causes the faster line to cross over the slower line as quickly as possible, thereby producing low lag crossover signals. Clearly, user control of a filter's inertia offers considerable power over filters lacking this capability.

Does JMA forecast a time-series?

It does not forecast into the future. JMA reduces noise pretty much the same way as an exponential moving average, but many times better.

Will prior JMA values, already plotted, change as new data arrives?

No. For any point on a JMA plot, only historical and current data is used in the formula. Consequently, as new price data arrive on later time slots, those values of JMA already plotted are not affected and NEVER change.

Also, consider the case when the most recent bar on a chart is updated in real-time as each new tick arrives. Since the closing price of the most recent bar is likely to change, JMA is automatically re-evaluated to reflect the new closing price. However, historical values of JMA (on all prior bars) remain unaffected and do not change.
One can create impressive-looking indicators on historical data when it analyzes both past and future values surrounding each data point being processed. However, any formula that needs to see future values in a time series cannot be applied in real-world trading. This is because when calculating today's value of an indicator, future values don't exist. All Jurik based indicators use only current and previous time-series data in its calculations. This allows all Jurik indicators to work in all real-time conditions.

How does JMA compare to other filters?

The Kalman filter is similar to JMA in that both are powerful algorithms used for estimating the behavior of a noisy dynamical system when all you have to work with is noisy data measurements. The Kalman filter creates smooth forecasts of the time series, and this method is not entirely appropriate for financial time series as the markets are prone to produce violent gyrations and price gaps, behaviors not typical of smoothly operating dynamical systems. Consequently, Kalman filter smoothing frequently lags behind or overshoots market price time series. In contrast, JMA tracks market prices closely and smoothly, adapting to gaps while avoiding unwanted overshoots. See chart below for an example.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Two other popular indicators are T3 and TEMA. They are smooth and have little lag. T3 is the better of the two. Nonetheless, T3 can exhibit a serious overshoot problem, as seen in the chart below. Depending on your application, you may not want an indicator showing a price level the real market never attained, as this may inadvertently initiate unwanted trades.
Attached Image

--- 帖子 #163 ---
v2v dynamic trading system... minor updateTDZ-MTF: ...new default parameter values and label settings Standard parameter option for JMA  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it here >>> Post #1

--- 帖子 #164 ---
UPDATED ...v2v dynamic trading systemNeural Network ─ HMA-DSMA-Jurik: Now using T3 by T.Tillson as the default MA. This is considered to be the best MA algorithm out there  Traders Dynamic Zones: Now using T3 by T.Tillson as the default MA for price line... while TEMA (arguably second to T3 MA) is the default MA for signal line Volume Profile - Range: code optimization v2v VWAP: conde optimization News Events: added "Payrolls" event under "Employment" New template to reflect the modifications made all throughout the v2v dynamic trading system  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it here >>> Post #1

>>>

Better Moving Averages Tim Tillson November 1, 1998

Tim Tillson is a software project manager at Hewlett-Packard, with degrees in Mathematics and Computer Science. He has privately traded options and equities for 15 years.

Introduction

"Digital filtering includes the process of smoothing, predicting, differentiating, integrating, separation of signals, and removal of noise from a signal. Thus many people who do such things are actually using digital filters without realizing that they are; being unacquainted with the theory, they neither understand what they have done nor the possibilities of what they might have done."

This quote from R. W. Hamming applies to the vast majority of indicators in technical analysis. Moving averages, be they simple, weighted, or exponential, are lowpass filters; low-frequency components in the signal pass through with little attenuation, while high frequencies are severely reduced. "Oscillator" type indicators (such as MACD, Momentum, Relative Strength Index) are another type of digital filter called a differentiator. Tushar Chande has observed that many popular oscillators are highly correlated, which is sensible because they are trying to measure the rate of change of the underlying time series, i.e., are trying to be the first and second derivatives we all learned about in Calculus.
We use moving averages (lowpass filters) in technical analysis to remove the random noise from a time series, to discern the underlying trend or to determine prices at which we will take action. A perfect moving average would have two attributes:

It would be smooth, not sensitive to random noise in the underlying time series. Another way of saying this is that its derivative would not spuriously alternate between positive and negative values.

It would not lag behind the time series it is computed from. Lag, of course, produces late buy or sell signals that kill profits.

The only way one can compute a perfect moving average is to have knowledge of the future, and if we had that, we would buy one lottery ticket a week rather than trade!

(See Appendix II below for more elaboration). Having said this, we can still improve on the conventional simple, weighted, or exponential moving averages. Here's how:

Two Interesting Moving Averages

We will examine two benchmark moving averages based on Linear Regression analysis.

In both cases, a Linear Regression line of length n is fitted to price data.

I call the first moving average ILRS, which stands for Integral of Linear Regression Slope. One simply integrates the slope of a linear regression line as it is successively fitted in a moving window of length n across the data, with the constant of integration being a simple moving average of the first n points. Put another way, the derivative of ILRS is the linear regression slope. Note that ILRS is not the same as a SMA (simple moving average) of length n, which is actually the midpoint of the linear regression line as it moves across the data.

We can measure the lag of moving averages with respect to a linear trend by computing how they behave when the input is a line with unit slope. Both SMA(n) and ILRS(n) have lag of n/2, but ILRS is much smoother than SMA.

Our second benchmark moving average is well known, called EPMA or End Point Moving Average. It is the endpoint of the linear regression line of length n as it is fitted across the data. EPMA hugs the data more closely than a simple or exponential moving average of the same length. The price we pay for this is that it is much noisier (less smooth) than ILRS, and it also has the annoying property that it overshoots the data when linear trends are present.

However, EPMA has a lag of 0 with respect to linear input! This makes sense because a linear regression line will fit linear input perfectly, and the endpoint of the LR line will be on the input line.

These two moving averages frame the tradeoffs that we are facing. On one extreme we have ILRS, which is very smooth and has considerable phase lag. EPMA has 0 phase lag, but is too noisy and overshoots. We would like to construct a better moving average which is as smooth as ILRS, but runs closer to where EPMA lies, without the overshoot.

A easy way to attempt this is to split the difference, i.e. use (ILRS(n)+EPMA(n))/2. This will give us a moving average (call it IE/2) which runs in between the two, has phase lag of n/4 but still inherits considerable noise from EPMA. IE/2 is inspirational, however. Can we build something that is comparable, but smoother? Figure 1 shows ILRS, EPMA, and IE/2.

Filter Techniques

Any thoughtful student of filter theory (or resolute experimenter) will have noticed that you can improve the smoothness of a filter by running it through itself multiple times, at the cost of increasing phase lag.

There is a complementary technique (called twicing by J.W. Tukey) which can be used to improve phase lag. If L stands for the operation of running data through a low pass filter, then twicing can be described by:

L' = L(time series) + L(time series - L(time series))

That is, we add a moving average of the difference between the input and the moving average to the moving average. This is algebraically equivalent to:

2L-L(L)

This is the Double Exponential Moving Average or DEMA, popularized by Patrick Mulloy in TASAC (January/February 1994). In our taxonomy, DEMA has some phase lag (although it exponentially approaches 0) and is somewhat noisy, comparable to IE/2.
We will use these two techniques to construct our better moving average, after we explore the first one a little more closely.

Fixing Overshoot

An n-day EMA has smoothing constant alpha=2/(n+1) and a lag of (n-1)/2.

Thus EMA(3) has lag 1, and EMA(11) has lag 5. Figure 2 shows that, if I am willing to incur 5 days of lag, I get a smoother moving average if I run EMA(3) through itself 5 times than if I just take EMA(11) once.

This suggests that if EPMA and DEMA have 0 or low lag, why not run fast versions (eg DEMA(3)) through themselves many times to achieve a smooth result? The problem is that multiple runs though these filters increase their tendency to overshoot the data, giving an unusable result. This is because the amplitude response of DEMA and EPMA is greater than 1 at certain frequencies, giving a gain of much greater than 1 at these frequencies when running though themselves multiple times. Figure 3 shows DEMA(7) and EPMA(7) run through themselves 3 times. DEMA^3 has serious overshoot, and EPMA^3 is terrible.

The solution to the overshoot problem is to recall what we are doing with twicing:

DEMA(n) = EMA(n) + EMA(time series - EMA(n))

The second term is adding, in effect, a smooth version of the derivative to the EMA to achieve DEMA. The derivative term determines how hot the moving average's response to linear trends will be. We need to simply turn down the volume to achieve our basic building block:

EMA(n) + EMA(time series - EMA(n))*.7;

This is algebraically the same as:

EMA(n)*1.7-EMA(EMA(n))*.7;

I have chosen .7 as my volume factor, but the general formula (which I call "Generalized Dema") is:

GD(n,v) = EMA(n)*(1+v)-EMA(EMA(n))*v,

where v ranges between 0 and 1. When v=0, GD is just an EMA, and when v=1, GD is DEMA. In between, GD is a cooler DEMA. By using a value for v less than 1 (I like .7), we cure the multiple DEMA overshoot problem, at the cost of accepting some additional phase delay. Now we can run GD through itself multiple times to define a new, smoother moving average T3 that does not overshoot the data:

T3(n) = GD(GD(GD(n)))

In filter theory parlance, T3 is a six-pole non-linear Kalman filter. Kalman filters are ones which use the error (in this case (time series - EMA(n)) to correct themselves. In Technical Analysis, these are called Adaptive Moving Averages; they track the time series more aggressively when it is making large moves.

Trading Results

I used Metastock 6.5 to compare 5 moving averages (SMA, ILRS, EMA, DEMA, and T3) on the Nasdaq index (NDX) from 7/19/93 to 6/30/97, almost four years of data. I set the interest rate at 4% annualized, and a trading cost of .1% for entry and exit. This is realistic, since I can trade up to 1000 shares through Fidelity Web Express for $14.95, and a typical trade might be 300 shares of a $50 stock.
The system used was very simple. A moving average was computed using each of the five above. A derivative was taken (1-period Rate of Change function, ROC). A long position was entered at bottoms, and closed at tops, of the derivative. No shorts were taken. For example, the code for "enter long" for an EMA was:
Code:
res:=Mov(C,opt1,E); d1:=ROC(res,1,points); d1 > Ref(d1,-1) AND Ref(d1,-1) < Ref(d1,-2)
I let opt1 vary from 2 to 10. This is a fast system, which executes a lot of trades. The table below summarizes the best results each MA was able to achieve; note that the optimal parameters did not vary widely.

MA Optimal Parameter Best APR ILRS 7 19.02 SMA 8 20.20 EMA 8 28.17 DEMA 7 28.81 T3 5 (volume = .7) 33.59 No single set of backtesting results is conclusive, of course. But these numbers confirm that T3 has merit - it not only looks good to the eye on the chart, but can be a powerful building block in other indicators and trading systems.

Appendix I - Metastock Implementations

Metastock 6.5 code for ILRS:
Code:
{input number of lookback periods, default is 11} periods:=Input("Periods? ",2,63,11); {determine how many points are in the time series} size:=LastValue(Cum(1)); {determine the constant of integration by taking the simple moving average of the first periods points in the time series} start:=LastValue(Ref(Mov(P,periods,S),periods-size)); {value is the integral of linear regression slope plus the constant of integration} Cum(LinRegSlope(P,periods))+start;
Metastock 6.5 code for T3:

If x stands for the action of running a time series through an EMA, f is our formula for Generalized Dema with 'volume' a:
Running the filter though itself three times is equivalent to cubing f:

Thus the Metastock 6.5 code for T3 is:
Code:
periods:=Input("Periods? ",1,63,5); a:=Input("Hot? ",0,2,.7); e1:=Mov(P,periods,E); e2:=Mov(e1,periods,E); e3:=Mov(e2,periods,E); e4:=Mov(e3,periods,E); e5:=Mov(e4,periods,E); e6:=Mov(e5,periods,E); c1:=-a*a*a; c2:=3*a*a+3*a*a*a; c3:=-6*a*a-3*a-3*a*a*a; c4:=1+3*a+a*a*a+3*a*a; c1*e6+c2*e5+c3*e4+c4*e3;

--- 帖子 #165 ---
This TDZ has an eye... the Dollar Eye.  However, only time will tell if this eye can really see some mo͞oläh.  ; )─

--- 帖子 #166 ---
UPDATED ...v2v dynamic trading systemHA-APB: minor modification for high & low lines or the so-called PAC - Price Action Channel with average price. TDZ - minor modification of period filter for Price.

--- 帖子 #167 ---
UPDATED ...v2v dynamic trading system HA-APB: PAC & Average Price line has been modifications: TDZ: just color schemes and minor code updates Volumes on Main Chart: just color schemes Neural Network: Some updates made Again, an updated template to reflect default values/label names or parameters.  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #168 ---
nice

I still use it

--- 帖子 #169 ---
A few modifications in color schemes: Volume vertical bars, Neural Network T3, Average Price (HA-APB), and TDZ

--- 帖子 #170 ---
※ Heiken Ashi ─ Average Price Bars ( HA-APB ) with PAC

The difference between the original HA-APB Price Action Channel ( PAC ) and this variation of PAC (using JMA, DSMA, and HMA), is that the latter is using three touchpoints instead of just the two-line PAC. This one added the Average Price to see if APB closed above or below it.

☛ HA-APB based Price Action Channel ( PAC ) and
☛ Average Price Line (HA-APB Low + HA-APB High)/2
☛ Fused with MTF mode.
☛ Using T3 MA and with...
☛ Jurik Smoothing/Filter and Deviation-Scaled Moving Average (DSMA)
...some extras added: Access buttons for features & functions, and a symbol or pair and timeframe switch panel
↓
✜ Price Action Channel (PAC)
─ It provides an overall direction near the Price.
─ Reveals periods of consolidation.
─ Reveals periods of volatility.
─ It may Use as an Exit Target or
─ Use as a Trailing Stop Loss

--- 帖子 #171 ---
v2v dynamic trading system updates... ※ Heiken Ashi ─ Average Price Bars ( HA-APB ) with PACRemoved Pairs & TF buttons Add MTF button switch Automatic Heiken Ashi Bar width update (on zoom in/out) under current TF without waiting for a tick data (before only in MTF mode). Others:New template to adjust the vertical location of navigational buttons and default parameter valuesTDZ-MTF News Events Pivot Fibs plus Neural Network Volume Profile VWAP

--- 帖子 #172 ---
v2v dynamic trading system updates...

※ Heiken Ashi ─ Average Price Bars ( HA-APB ) with PACKey updates/more info:

─ Removed consolidation wicks color change to focus only on bullish & bearish wicks color change... and more importantly on this APB bars below. Besides, one can easily identify a consolidation or contraction phase using this tool. Hence, one sort of redundancy out of the equation.

This is not a buy or sell signal... it just another data/information in confluence to your own speculative/sentimental well-informed  bias.
Attached Image

─ HA Average Price line: Smoothed ( Both avg price line & PAC channels have combined filters used, such as DSMA, HMA non-lag variation, TEMA ),

─ added MTF switch button, and

─ HA bars automatic body width adjustment (zoom in/out) without waiting for a tick data
Get it here >>> Post#1

--- 帖子 #173 ---
Earlier.... the volumes on main chart tool just reminded me how lucky I am that this tool is a part of my trading arsenal.

The very first version was made by Mladen... And then, after I attached this to my chart, I just imagined how I could add the volatility code & alerts and making it the heart of a system.

That's the time the v2v dynamic system was born.

--- 帖子 #174 ---
the Neural Network (NN)... minor updateFixed the option for rerunning of Neural Network (wrongly run twice) on Button switch behavior... now, a one-time rerun execution only. Again... this option is "false" by default. If "true", upon button switch trigger... And at runtime, an observable high CPU usage can be seen. Reminder: Ideally, you may use this only as another confluence with your own speculative/sentimental well-informed bias.

Get this NN at post#1

--- 帖子 #175 ---
...just in case only.   In reference to post #1

--- 帖子 #176 ---
v2v dynamic trading system ...updates...

※ Volume Profile - Range with VWAP
※ anchored VWAPThese tools are now using by default the tick Volume data source based on what the VP-Range tool (more on tick data quality) is currently using. Otherwise, it will use the default VWAP setup (classic VWAP)

--- 帖子 #177 ---
...almost there guys/gals

Soon... constant update will end... The only foreseeable updates remain for v2v trading system are with the following toolsLong & Short HMA-DSMA Traders Dynamic Zones Pivot Fibs plus

--- 帖子 #178 ---
v2v dynamic trading system...updates...
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

※ Neural Network & TDZ-MTF: Fixed... first run event to improved chart template loading.
※ VP-Range & VWAP: Added option for Volume Type >>> default "Tck Volume" | The "Real Volume" is for an instrument that can be traded with such an option/feature with your broker
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

...get it here >>> post #1

--- 帖子 #179 ---
Gold

--- 帖子 #180 ---
...near term

--- 帖子 #181 ---
The Mystical, Mathematical MIDAS

An Anchored VWAP Channel

For Congested Markets
by Andrew Coles, PhD

Physicist Paul Levine (R.I.P.) based his Midas (market interpretation/data analysis system) approach to technical analysis on a mathematical modification of the volume-weighted average price (vwap). Behind this modification is a well-thought-out philosophy of what drives market prices. This philosophy can be reduced to five basic tenets:The underlying order of price behavior is a fractal hierarchy of support and resistance levels. This interplay between support and resistance is coaction between accumulation and distribution. This coaction, when considered quantitatively from raw price and volume data, reveals a mathematical symmetry between support and resistance. This mathematical symmetry can be used to predict market tops and bottoms in advance. Price and volume data — the volume-weighted average price — subsequent to a reversal in trend, and thus to a major change in market (trader) sentiment, is key to this process of chart prediction.
The problem:
While there is no obvious flaw in the logic that binds these five principles, there is one weakness in the final tenet involving what follows the end of a trend and a significant change in market sentiment. In his lectures, Levine repeatedly identified the ends of trends with significant trend reversals. Yet this need not be the case; the end of a trend will more likely herald a resting phase in market activity.

This one is an ATR based MIDAS Channel made by v2v
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #182 ---
v2v dynamic trading system... updateFixed minor issue with v2v VWAP (anchored VWAP)VPR source dynamic update upon "M30" selection

--- 帖子 #183 ---
Inserted Video

--- 帖子 #184 ---
for mt5 vwap

--- 帖子 #185 ---
I wanted to have MT5 version of v2v trading system to be finally made this year.

However,  it seems  that ideas, bugs, modifications or updates /improvements to this v2v system just keep on going... and going... and going...  ; )─

--- 帖子 #186 ---
The Anchored VWAP setup
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

A setup to verify an end of trend
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #187 ---
The Classic VWAP:  select "false"
Attached Image

By default, both VP-Range and v2v_VWAP is using the VP-Range tick/real volume timeframe selection.

--- 帖子 #188 ---
...

...

...

...

...

...Just removed exclusive red flag posting restrictions only.  Now open to all.

...

...

...

...The admin just left this thread... thank you and good luck!

--- 帖子 #189 ---
Hi!

I see "TDZ_MTF GBPAUD,Daily: cannot set millisecond timer (200)" and

"HA_APB GBPAUD,M30: cannot set millisecond timer (200)" in my terminal.

And my terminal is slow down, almost freeze. What is the problem?

--- 帖子 #190 ---
The problem? read the quoted message... This is my last post on this thread... I am done with it.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

..thread reverted to restricted red flag FF member only.

--- 帖子 #191 ---
The great post ever.

Best

D.P.

One more great post ever

Best

D.P.

--- 帖子 #192 ---
The v2v trading system is not a noob-friendly trading environment or chart setup to trade with as it requires a superhuman trading experience ; )─. More so... as the tools/indicators are too technical for a trader with a K.I.S.S. mindset. Although, once you get the hang of using this system, it adheres to "Everything should be made as simple as possible, but not simpler." ; )─ Albert Einstein

Anyway, here are the steps that may solve your issue in setting up this system:  Open the MT4 platform >>> press "Ctrl-O" ─it will pop-up an MT4 pop-up Window
...and make sure you have the parameters or value as highlighted.
...now close and open your MT4 platform again.  Attached Image     Use the attached tools to load the history (tick data of each instrument/pair) - limited up to 2048 bytes of initial file size (history data file) ─a platform limitation...run the application and simply follow the on-screen instructions. If you are not able to do this successfully, I suggest that you find another trading system or tool to use. There are tons of it in this domain alone.
...click to download this tool >>>Load history tool

Now, open a blank chart with an instrument/pair
...see the attached image and check why you need these steps. If you don't get it... just move on to another system.  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

To fix the issue identified in Step #3... simply follow the sub-step below:
─ open a blank chart (if you haven't yet)
─ set your chart accordingly as highlighted below chart image:  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Press the "Home" key on your keyboard in order to show the current chart time frame data horizon. Such as, on M5 or M1 time frame - or any time frame that needed a much more tick data (volume) history to load on your chart.
─ Now, press "Pu" (page up button) on your keyboard... continue pressing it repeatedly and it will manually load more historical data to your chart.
─ You will need to do these for all the instruments/pairs or selectively the ones that you trade only
─ For the template maintenance... Reset the FXV template by simply pressing "Ctrl-B" >>> "Ctrl-A" >>> "Delete" button, and save as your default template

Note: The tools or indicators within the v2v trading system work in harmony with each other in terms of algorithm/parameters. Hence, if you attached it to your chart individually may not work fully or it may have issues.

If at this point you were still not able to make it work.. please read the attached image. Thank you  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #193 ---
...a much better way to load history data (tick volume)

Follow the steps below:Open an M1 chart Press "F2" key to load History Center Navigate to the currency pair and the "1 Minute (M1)" history data for the chart you have open in your terminal (be sure to "double click" the "1 Minute (M1)" selection in history center so it actually becomes the active selection) Then left-click once on any of the data rows in the right-hand window of the History Center (it doesn't matter which one) Click the "Add" button, this pops up another window titled "Bar" and the default selection is on the "year" Enter 1970 Then select "OK"... and it creates a new bar with the timestamp and price info you just added. Now select "Close" in the History Center Navigate to your M1 chart of interest and then from the terminal menu select "Charts -> Refresh"...this will refresh the chart and attempts to fill any time gaps in the chart data (which now includes your year 1970 data point) with server data

Step 9 continued...Now your chart will have pulled anywhere from 2048 to 65536 M1 bars from your broker's server (not Metaquotes server) and is usually far more data than you can get the broker to cough up when you try and manually scroll your M1 chart back in time Now you have really quickly downloaded all the broker's M1 data on your currency pair that the broker is going to let you have, much faster than holding down the home or pg-up key for minutes and minutes to download even fewer data. It works with charts of other timeframes as well.

--- 帖子 #194 ---
Momenticks fused by v2v

Linear momentum is defined as the product of a system's mass multiplied by its velocity. In symbols, linear momentum is expressed as p = mv. Momentum is directly proportional to the object's mass and also its velocity. Thus the greater an object's mass or the greater its velocity, the greater its momentum.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it here at post #1

Technology:

1) Exponential Moving Average by Tim Tillson ─ regarded as the best MA out there by TA experts.

2) Jurik MA ─ an adaptive nonlinear transformation

3) Deviation-Scaled Moving Average (DSMA) ─ by John Ehler: DSMA is a data smoothing technique that acts like an exponential moving average with a dynamic smoothing coefficient.

4) Using Heiken Ashi ─ Average Price Bars: Close calculation with Best Formula

5) Volume-Weighted Price (psum = price/vsum) algorithm ─ an experimental one by mladen

6) Based on the original works of Totom Sukopratomo posted at Metaquotes

--- 帖子 #195 ---
1) added auto limit number of bars to calculate: default is false

2) added DSMA control: default is true
Attached Image

--- 帖子 #196 ---
GBP/USD:

...sell & buy setup

--- 帖子 #197 ---
v2v Momenticks: ...an update

─ Removed a global variable dependency with the v2v dynamic trading system.

--- 帖子 #198 ---
v2v Momenticks

updates:

Now with alerts and on-curve histo bars

Alerts with the following behavior:

"sloping up and greater than zero"

"sloping down and less than zero"

"sloping down and less than zero"

"sloping up and less than zero"

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it here at post #1

--- 帖子 #199 ---
v2v Momenticks

update...fixed some issues with alerts and optimized calculations

--- 帖子 #200 ---
v2v Momenticks ─ A volume-weighted price linear momentum

Linear momentum is defined as the product of a system's mass multiplied by its velocity. In symbols, linear momentum is expressed as p = mv. Momentum is directly proportional to the object's mass and also its velocity. Thus the greater an object's mass or the greater its velocity, the greater its momentum.

p = momentum;

m = mass is converted into volume of trade or tick data.

v = velocity, it’s a value taken from pips movement divided by timeframe in point/seconds.

Now... with anchored Momenticks.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it here at >>> Post #1

Read about Linear Momentum:

...more about anchored momentum
Attached File(s)   Anchored Momentum Indicator Study by Rudy Stefenel.pdf

205 KB
|
879 downloads

--- 帖子 #201 ---
...Get the updated release at >>> Post #1code optimization and improved calculations new default settings for anchored momenticks modify on-screen indicator name and configuration parameters

--- 帖子 #202 ---
Traders Dynamic Zones welcomes the arrival of v2v Momenticks Linear Momentum to  v2v dynamic trading system family

--- 帖子 #203 ---
Soon! ...another johnny mnemonic release by v2v Traders Dynamic Zones: Momenticks insidepowered by Linear-weighted Momentum

RSI classic setup
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #204 ---
Hi v2vboni

Thanks for your efforts and continuous contributions
Much appreciations
regards

--- 帖子 #205 ---
Need to figure out the Angular Velocity/Acceleration with Linear-Weighted Anchored Momentum (LWM)... to identify an imminent sign of cycle displacement
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Below is the new setup for the v2v dynamic trading system: the new TDZ-Momentics (anchored LWM configuration) with a 2-in-1 in one LWM type. (normal and anchored equation)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #206 ---
Another johnny mnemonic updates by v2v ; )─

v2v Momenticks v1.11

...a Linear-Weighted Momentum tool... kind of salted by the famous Salt Bae of N.Y.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

You may attach this on your chart to have multiple instances of your desired options by changing the "Unique ID" parameter value
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

You may attach this on your chart with multiple instances with your desired option by changing the "Unique ID" parameter value

Just a reminder, this tool is about Linear "Momentum". This is not the usual trading tool wherein you buy or sell whenever it crosses the zero line level. More so, if you selected the Rate of Change (ROC) or the Adaptive ATR option. Hence, you may use this tool if you need additional technical insights for your own generated based line analysis (FA & TA).

Again, remember it is Linear "Momentum". It requires keen observation and attention to detail.

...Get the updated release >>> here

--- 帖子 #207 ---
By the way... the adaptive ATR feature was based on mladen's work shared at metaquotes.   Please read the below information he shared with it.

"Average True Range (ATR) is a widely used indicator in many occasions. It is calculated as SMA (Simple Moving Average) of true range (which is calculated as the greatest of the following: current high less the current low, the absolute value of the current high less the previous close and the absolute value of the current low less the previous close). With an added  "twist":  It is using Perry Kaufman's Efficiency Ratio to calculate adaptive true range"

And with this Momenticks release, the usage is... the same.

I just updated the above Momenticks wherein it shows the previous and current ATR value

...Get the updated release >>> here

--- 帖子 #208 ---
momenticks... updatesMinor fixed with vertical line guide and an auto-assigned unique id for each unique LWM option attached to the chartmore than one instances of the LWM option require a manual change to the Unique ID parameter value.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

...Get the updated release >>> here

Th-th-th-that's all folks! ... for the updates of the day ; )─

--- 帖子 #209 ---
Hi v2vboni

Thanks for continuous updating,appreciations.

--- 帖子 #210 ---
v2v Momenticks v1.15 updatesadded... "Variance". Based on mladen's work posted at MetaQuotes rectified indicator short name string length issue

...Get the updated release >>> here

--- 帖子 #211 ---
v2v   Momenticks  v1.17  updates added... "Volatility Ratio". Based on mladen's work posted at MetaQuotes some code optimization  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Theory:
There is always a need to measure if the market is "quiet" or it is volatile. One of the possible ways is to use standard deviations, but the issue is simple: we do not have some levels that could help us find out if the market is in a state of lower or higher volatility. This feature is attempting to do that : values above level 0 are indicating a state of increasing volatility values below level 0 are indicating a state of decreasing volatility
Usage :
This is not a directional feature. It should be used for volatility detection, not trend assessment - for that, you have to use some other indicator and then check this one if the market volatility conditions are those that you expect

...Get the updated release >>> here

--- 帖子 #212 ---
v2v dynamic trading system updates:Traders Dynamic Zones (TDZ): Now powered by Momenticks.
The TDZ has always been in sync with the v2v trading system process or structure. Such as global variable dependency/handling, used technology (algorithms), and parameter values/coded settings in synchronicity with the so-called power of 3-6-9 setup.  Heiken-Ashi APB: newly optimized and tested Price Action Channel (PAC) and code optimizations with indicators included in this system Just a minor update is done on the guest indicator >>> Momenticks  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get the updated release >>> here

=========================

A must before loading the v2v dynamic trading system

Follow the steps below:Open an M1 chart Press "F2" key to load History Center Navigate to the currency pair and the "1 Minute (M1)" history data for the chart you have open in your terminal (be sure to "double click" the "1 Minute (M1)" selection in history center so it becomes the active selection) Then left-click once on any of the data rows in the right-hand window of the History Center (it doesn't matter which one) Click the "Add" button, this pops up another window titled "Bar" and the default selection is on the "year" Enter 1970 Then select "OK"... and it creates a new bar with the timestamp and price info you just added. Now select "Close" in the History Center Navigate to your M1 chart of interest and then from the terminal menu select "Charts -> Refresh"...this will refresh the chart and attempts to fill any time gaps in the chart data (which now includes your year 1970 data point) with server data

Step 9 continued...Now your chart will have pulled anywhere from 2048 to 65536 M1 bars from your broker's server (not Metaquotes server) and is usually far more data than you can get the broker to cough up when you try and manually scroll your M1 chart back in time

If everything went fine... then you've quickly downloaded all the broker's M1 data on your currency pair that the broker is going to let you have, much faster than holding down the home or page-up key for minutes and minutes to download even fewer data. Now, you may continue with the rest of the time frames.  But, don't forget to delete  (it depends on the MT4 server set up by your broker) the year 1970 dummy tick data after it downloads more history and/or check if after deletion it will revert back to a default max of 2048 history size otherwise add 1970 once again.

--- 帖子 #213 ---
v2v dynamic trading system:   updates & fixes:

The following indicators have been updatedTraders Dynamic Zones (TDZ) Heiken-Ashi APB Pivot Fib plus ─ fixed a slight issue with button toggle behavior Neural Network ─ fixed a slight issue with button toggle behavior Volume Profile-Range (VP-R): Powered by Momentics ─ using T3 based MA VWAP: Powered by Momentics ─ using T3 based MA Short & Long ─Multiple DSMA ─ fixed a slight issue with button toggle behavior  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get the updated release >>> here

=========================

A must before loading the v2v dynamic trading system (new steps)

Follow the steps below: Open an M1 chart Press "F2" key to load History Center Navigate to the currency pair and the "1 Minute (M1)" history data for the chart you have open in your terminal (be sure to "double click" the "1 Minute (M1)" selection in history center so it becomes the active selection) Then left-click once on any of the data rows in the right-hand window of the History Center (it doesn't matter which one) Click the "Add" button, this pops up another window titled "Bar" and the default selection is on the "year" Enter 1970 Then select "OK"... and it creates a new bar with the timestamp and price info you just added. Now select "Close" in the History Center Attached a script located under "Scripts" folder (with v2v_dynamic_system.zip) >>> Attached this to your chart: ForceLoadHistoricalData.ex4 Navigate to your M1 chart of interest and then from the terminal window (press Ctrl-T) select "Journal "-> go to main chart window and right-click mouse button and select "Refresh"...this will refresh the chart and attempts to fill any time gaps in the chart data (which now includes your year 1970 data point) with server data
Step 10 continued...Now your chart will have pulled anywhere from 2048 to 65536 M1 bars from your broker's server (not Metaquotes server) and is usually far more data than you can get the broker to cough up when you try and manually scroll your M1 chart back in time
If everything went fine... then you've quickly downloaded all the broker's M1 data on your currency pair that the broker is going to let you have, much faster than holding down the home or page-up key for minutes and minutes to download even fewer data. Now, you may continue with the rest of the time frames. But, don't forget to delete the year 1970 dummy tick data after it downloads more history, then you may need to check & verify if after the deletion (1970 record) if still got maximum historical data has been downloaded otherwise add 1970 record once again.

--- 帖子 #214 ---
Sample setup:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image     Attached Image     Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #215 ---
v2v dynamic trading system:   just got optimized

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get the updated release >>> here

--- 帖子 #216 ---
If you experienced the greyed out ( unclickable elements ) MT4 toolbar issue whenever you are loading custom indicator(s) that use tick data (volume history) extensively, which usually happens upon loading the v2v dynamic trading system. And more often (with MT4 demo servers due to connection/latency issue) if you closed your MT4 platform while more than one chart/instrument or pair are getting loaded (more frequently from the previous release). Now with the current release (get it from the shared link below), you might not experience this issue anymore as the entire system won't load up completely unless the connection to your broker's MT4 server(s) (demo or real) has been established successfully.

...as shown on the following MT4 screenshot below
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

To rectify this issue, please follow the instructions below (on the screenshots):
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

***optional solution: Reload your template (the default or v2v dynamic system) on your chart or switch to another timeframe (e.g. from M30 to H1)

--- 帖子 #217 ---
v2v dynamic trading system: profile loading... and greyed out ( unclickable elements) MT4 toolbar preventionAdded greyed out toolbar prevention code... and removed unwanted objects due to on-load failure New default parameter values Since intuition can be trained... And so as your eyes and brain in order to see the divergence/convergence. With that, I removed TDZ's divergence signal to prevent a possible false signal creeping up to your analytical mind. New template and custom profile
Get the updated release >>> here

--- 帖子 #218 ---
v2v dynamic trading system:   UpdatesHeiken-Ashi APB: streamlined parameters TDZ Momenticks: removed two buffers not needed Fixed minor issue with greyed out toolbar prevention code New template Get the updated release >>> here

--- 帖子 #219 ---
v2v dynamic trading system: ...A one of a kind UpdateTDZ Momenticks: Now with RSI type selection button v2v Momenticks: Now with LWM oscillator selection button New template  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get the updated release >>> here

--- 帖子 #220 ---
Fixed minor issue with Neural Network.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #221 ---
PIVOT FIBS plus... Session time configuration:

☛ Forex Fixings ─ Frankfurt and CME-2 Fix : here >>> Fx fixing guides

☛ Open Session (Broker, Sydney - Tokyo - London - New York).
You may need to adjust accordingly with your broker server time (chart time): here >>> For session time guides

--- 帖子 #222 ---
v2v dynamic trading system: ...Updates v2v Momenticks: vertical line on-switch selection removal of an uncleared vertical line Neural Network: improved calculation process New template & profile Get the updated release >>> here

--- 帖子 #223 ---
Profile loading... and greyed out MT4 toolbar (unclickable elements) prevention >>> please read this post <<< If you will follow the steps here, make sure that you have the following MT4 settings under  "Tools >>> Options >>> Expert Advisors" (check below).  Otherwise, "Allow automated trading" will be unchecked or turned off and you may need to manually enable it again. This is required if you are using an Expert Advisor tool attached to your chart that executes buy or sell order process after loading a different profile other than the last profile loaded before closing the MT4 platform.
Attached Image

--- 帖子 #224 ---
I just wanted to add or to reiterate (without sounding rude), that this v2v dynamic trading system is not for noobs, and I won't say it that this system or indicators are for noobs as it would tend to sound not a good trading tool to have ; )─ I just meant that it requires greater experience to understand how the system works. Otherwise, look for another trading system that makes you think less and adhere to the mantra of the KISS approach.

This is not a trading system that shows you a buy or a sell signal. It is a trading system that makes you a responsible trader that uses more of your brainpower and not just simply waiting for a buy & sell signal or a pattern to form. This system will let you create your own combination of confluences/setups and produced your own technical baseline bias before any type of price action shows up on your chart.

--- 帖子 #225 ---
v2v dynamic trading system: ...Updatesv2v Momenticks:  Now with MTF mode new profile and templates  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get the updated release >>> here

--- 帖子 #226 ---
v2v dynamic trading system: ...Updates & Fixesv2v Momenticks: Fixed MTF mode and optimized TDZ Momentics: Fixed MTF mode, button relocation, and removed the next or previous TF button.  <<< re-uploaded: fixed switch in MTF mode Maintain chosen momenticks (oscillator) whenever it switches to another TF New profile and templates
Note: If using the indicator in MTF mode, the Heiken-Ashi bars will look like it repaints only, it is actually the breakdown (on current TF) of MTF bar. It will be closed only until the chosen MTF equivalent number bars are completed.

Get the updated release (re-uploaded - minor button text change & switching in MTF mode) >>> here

--- 帖子 #227 ---
v2v dynamic trading system:  Final update of the day... Fixed some issues with TDZ & v2v Momenticks oscillator button switch behavior

Get the updated release >>> here

--- 帖子 #228 ---
v2v dynamic trading system:   Updates Activate MTF mode interpolation for v2v Momenticks Pivot Fibs plus: Fx Fixings future line and open market session future line updated color. Fixed small issue with TDZ & v2v Momentics updated templates and profile  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get the updated release >>> here <<< Or read everything at post #1 to prepare your MT4 platform and yourself for v2v dynamic trading system

More about Fx Fixing & Market open session timing parameter adjustment >>> market timings and Fx fixings

--- 帖子 #229 ---
Dear, v2vboni

I see you have attached the impulse element of Momentics to your system. You have made the great stuff and the enourmous work, pal .

As you can see I relate myself to science, and many years ago the subject I would like to discover here once again was already discussed at FF.

It is the Ornstein–Uhlenbeck process what could describe the volatility of financial instruments much more carefully than those to be used in momentum indicators.

Here I have attached the PDF file of a scientfic paper written by two scientists from Russia (that is why the paper is in cyrillic). The paper title could roughly be translated as Empirical model for stochastic volatility of financial fluctuations. In two words there are mathematical (they are difficult to understand somehow) calculations for the volatility dissipation process being held after an impulse. Take it at a glance - you might find it helpful for your endeavors.

Best

D.P.

--- 帖子 #230 ---
I'll let my Ukrainian gf read it for me ; )─  thanks

--- 帖子 #231 ---
NZD/USD
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #232 ---
Period of Dominant Cycle

Based on Homodyne Discriminator by John F. Ehlers

This type of algorithm exhibits superior performance in a low signal-to-noise environment.

Homodyne means I use the signal multiplied by itself one bar ago to produce a zero-frequency beat note. This beat note carries the phase angle of the one-bar change. Still using the basic definition of a cycle, the one-bar rate of change of phase is exactly the cycle period.

Note: This indicator does not generate BUY / SELL signals. It is used to find the cycle period that can be used as inputs to other indicators. For example, if the current value of the indicator is 32, then it means that the current cycle period of the price is 32 bars, and this value can be used to calculated period based indicators like RSI, ADX, CCI, ATR, etc. Since this indicator value changes, we calculate our indicators like RSI dynamically (32-bar), etc instead of a fixed RSI period.

This screenshot below shows some indicators that use the value of the dominant cycle period. This is just an example of a trading system or a tool that uses the Dominant Cycle Period. ─an upcoming version of the v2v dynamic trading system, but without the cycle period line showing up on the chart sub-window.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #233 ---
v2v dynamic trading system: Updates

Now with Dominant Cycle Period (based on Homodyne Discriminator by John F. Ehlers) as an option to change the default Period dynamically.

This type of algorithm exhibits superior performance in a low signal-to-noise environment. Homodyne means I use the signal multiplied by itself one bar ago to produce a zero-frequency beat note. This beat note carries the phase angle of the one-bar change. Still using the basic definition of a cycle, the one-bar rate of change of phase is exactly the cycle period.Added toggle button to use the Dominant Cycle Period option to change the default Period dynamically for the following tools...VP-Range: ATR/ADR bands calculation and period VWAP: ATR/ADR bands calculation & period TDZ: the dynamic zone top, mid and bottom bands only v2v Momenticks: period  New template, profile and default parameter values  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get the updated release >>> here <<< and read everything herein in order to prepare your MT4 platform and yourself for v2v dynamic trading system

More about Fx Fixing & Market open session timing parameter adjustment >>> market timings and Fx fixings

--- 帖子 #234 ---
Source.

You might pin it @ the first page

Best

D.P.

--- 帖子 #235 ---
v2v dynamic trading system: performance UpdatesVP-Range: Dominant Cycle Period (DCP) - one-time run only. VWAP: DCP one-time run only. TDZ: DCP one-time run only. v2v Momenticks: DCP one-time run only. New template, profile and default parameter values Note: As an option, you may use the DCP value to other tools or indicators within the system. Such as Short & Long Multiple DSMA and Neural Network
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get the updated release >>> here <<< and read everything herein in order to prepare your MT4 platform and yourself for v2v dynamic trading system

More about Fx Fixing & Market open session timing parameter adjustment >>> market timings and Fx fixings

--- 帖子 #236 ---
Tip of the day

A much better way to reload the current state of your default (loaded) MT4 profile with multiple charts. However, make sure that the navigational elements pointed out on the chart below are not grayed out before using the script and/or loading your default profile and template.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #237 ---
Tip of the day

Not able to load properly the v2v dynamic trading system on your MT4 platform? Probably you don't have enough historical data that are required by Volume Profile and Pivot Fibs plus indicator.

Check the attached screenshot below...
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

...delete the 1970 data after successfully downloaded as much data as your broker can give you to a particular pair/instrument

--- 帖子 #238 ---
v2v dynamic trading system: performance Updatesoptimized some tools new template and profile Get the updated release >>> here <<< and read everything herein in order to prepare your MT4 platform and yourself for v2v dynamic trading system

More about Fx Fixing & Market open session timing parameter adjustment >>> market timings and Fx fixings

--- 帖子 #239 ---
v2v dynamic trading system:  Updatesv2v Momentics: Added Phase Accumulation  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get the updated release >>> here <<< and read everything herein in order to prepare your MT4 platform and yourself for v2v dynamic trading system

More about Fx Fixing & Market open session timing parameter adjustment >>> market timings and Fx fixings

--- 帖子 #240 ---
v2v dynamic trading system:  Updates fixed minor issue with phase accumulation new template and profile  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get the updated release >>> here <<< and read everything herein in order to prepare your MT4 platform and yourself for v2v dynamic trading system

More about Fx Fixing & Market open session timing parameter adjustment >>> market timings and Fx fixings

--- 帖子 #241 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #242 ---
v2v dynamic trading system: performance Updatesoptimized TDZ Momenticks optimized v2v Momenticks new template and profile
Get the updated release >>> here <<< and read everything herein in order to prepare your MT4 platform and yourself for v2v dynamic trading system

More about Fx Fixing & Market open session timing parameter adjustment >>> market timings and Fx fixings

--- 帖子 #243 ---
v2v dynamic trading system: The Rise of Pipwalker An execution process updates Fixed VP-R tool to clear horizontal lines left during on-load failure (loading multiple instruments/pairs open)
Get the updated release >>> here <<< and read everything herein in order to prepare your MT4 platform and yourself for v2v dynamic trading system

More about Fx Fixing & Market open session timing parameter adjustment >>> market timings and Fx fixings

--- 帖子 #244 ---
Hi V2v

The earlier versions of your pivot indicator have the vpr.VWAP label to be functional.

But the last ones have none of it.

So the suggestion is to add a bunch of labels for the VWAP legacy (an additional button).

They are

Current WEEK's VWAP

Previous WEEK's VWAP

Current Month's VWAP

Previous Month's VWAP

Current Quartal's VWAP

Previous Quartal's VWAP

VWAP from Year’s beginning

the label should have 2 edges from the central point.

these 2 edges are the 0,341 of a standart deviation from the last price labeled.

0,341 is 34,1%

34,1%*2 = 68,2% equals to one sigma

Best

D.P.

--- 帖子 #245 ---
Volumes on Main Chart bars are based on tick volume... It is very useful when you know about price action in view of normal Japanese candle bars in the combination with Heiken Ashi Bars (APB average price bars, wick length, trend, direction, color change, etc...) and as well in candlestick math (check YouTube) price action.

The attached image will give you the rest of the things about Volumes on MainChart. If the shared information seems not enough, just don't use this tool or the v2v dynamic trading system.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #246 ---
Hi, V2v,

Reading the above book, I just confronted with some kind of approach - here it is below at the chart. However, this apporach is a theoretical one. The question - is the 20 bar approximation enough? I mean, is there any difference between the 20, 30 or, say, 40 bar "window" to achieve the same results at the same inputs (the amplitude of Signal-to-Noise Ratio at the chart)?

Did you try finding the mentioned difference in order to understand the wider "window" is not already needful for the approach, and the 20 bar approximation is necessary and sufficient?

Best

D.P.

P.S. New questions are possible.

--- 帖子 #247 ---
I only got a summarized answer to those questions about theoretical data/information... an endless frontier of approximation of enough and not enough.

By the way, I am taking a rest in terms of coding at this time of the year.

Thanks for the input.

For noobs... and the likes
https://www.facebook.com/fxvits/videos/914568995411133/

--- 帖子 #248 ---
MT4 keyboard short-cut keys
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

...highlighted in yellow: useful short-cut keys when using v2v dynamic trading system
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #249 ---
...been thinking about this one.  Let's see by next year.

--- 帖子 #250 ---
...just shared my CoT data custom report >>> here

--- 帖子 #251 ---
I think, V2vboni, your brain can now extrapolate things I am trying to show you each time when contacting ))

Best

D.P.

P.S. A picture is for better thinking... if you like ))) ...or something like this.

Indicator is behind

--- 帖子 #252 ---
Season's Greetings!

...the solution to complexity isn’t managing it better ─it’s avoiding it altogether.

Image source: Page 305 ─ Antifragile
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #253 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #254 ---
Tip of the day

You may use the generated Dominant Cycle Period (DCP) value to the following v2v dynamic system tools:Neural Network Long & Short HMA-DSMA

--- 帖子 #255 ---
v2v dynamic trading system: Updatesv2v MomenTicks: bar color change ─to look better when in chart zoom-out ...and recompiled the rest  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it here >>> Post #1

--- 帖子 #256 ---
V2vbony, I have seen your discussion with DonPato at his thread and must say you were discussing about the same things but different manners.

I thought what if, using the J.Perl concept (see at the picture below), some kind of signals might be generated, these signals could be found out by means of relations between VWAP (1H and 4H) and PVP (1H and 4H), what could you say? this is just an idea to think of...

At the picture:

1/ the red curves are for VWAPs @ 1H

2/ the vertical black arrows are for price directions

3/ the horizontal black arrows are for PVP @ 1H

4/ the magenta curve is for VWAP @ 4H

5/ the blue horizontal arrow is for PVP @ 4H

Best

D.P.

P.S. find an exhaustion bar at the picture youself ))

--- 帖子 #257 ---
This works... but not all the time. The same with other concepts or strategies out there. It's just a matter of higher probabilities and/or consistencies, it provides over a period of time while constantly adapting to an ever-changing and highly efficient market.

The main purpose of v2v dynamic trading system is to see possible price inflection points in order to identify viable entry/exits in view of Technical Analysis armed with you own generated Fundamental bias (without this, is all up to you). Like for example: I received a DM from another platform thanking me as he was able to generate his own strategy using this system by using HA-APB price channel with TDZ indicator only with almost 80% winners.

Anyway, at the end of the day, it is you and you alone who can figure out what works and what doesn’t.

==========================================================

Again, for noobs... You may need to watch this video in order for you to understand on how to use v2v dynamic trading system eventually after gaining enough trading experience. >>> https://www.facebook.com/fxvits/videos/914568995411133/

After which, you may need to read this book:
https://www.amazon.com/Art-Currency-...8831096&sr=8-1

==========================================================

--- 帖子 #258 ---
My CoT data transformation:

https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...0#post12700230

--- 帖子 #259 ---
Hi, V2vboni

Just played with TDZ-Momentics,

1/ I would like to ask if there is a possibility to have 2 (and more) instances TDZs in a chart?

2/ It there a possibility to switch MTF to a predefined TF, say, D for example?

Best

D.P.

--- 帖子 #260 ---
By changing the UniqueID parameter value, it can have more than one instance of TDZ indicator (but buggy: it should have been removed much earlier). However, this parameter would be removed on the next upload (the same will be done for other indicators: just a bit enforcing to use v2v system only) as the current code structure has been changed due to visual inaccuracy in MTF mode with larger TF intervals (in-between: e.g. M1-M15, M5-M30, M30-H4, H1-D1, and D1-MN1 ). Hence, it's always better to use the next TF (activate MTF mode button) or move to another TF as desired.

--- 帖子 #261 ---
Trade-Weighted FX Indices: Wednesday, 15th January 2020

>>> https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...3#post12705093

--- 帖子 #262 ---
GBP/JPY @ D1: Buy
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #263 ---
The chart image summarizes the relative position of an exchange rate relative to its performance over the last year. The yellow background indicates the square dimension of the chart. The orange dot indicates today's position relative to the high (top of the chart) and low (bottom of the chart) of the FX index during the last 365 days. So if the orange dot is close to the top, the currency is close to its highest valuation. If the orange dot is close to the bottom, the currency is near its lowest valuation. The blue bars indicate the distribution of valuations over the course of one year. The span between high and low valuation is divided into ten ranges (ie, deciles). Then the number of days during which the currency's valuation has been in each of these deciles is counted. The number of days is proportional to the width of each of the ten blue bars. Thus the position of the orange dot relative to the width of the blue bars indicates if the current valuation is a relatively common event or a relatively rare event. For example, if the bulk of valuations has been in the lower deciles, and the orange dot is near the top where the bars are narrow, the currency has recently moved up sharply. The chart ("FX conifers") is a simple method of visually summarizing the performance of a currency over the time period of one year. One useful feature of this chart is that it automatically adjusts for the different volatility of currencies, as the span between a one-year high and one-year low is a reflection of a currency's volatility.

☝ This is not a fundamental determinant. Users are advised to read them with considerable caution. Use this at your own risk. I disclaim all liability for direct or consequential damages resulting from your use of this information.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #264 ---
v2v dynamic trading system: UPDATES ─ Taal Volcano EditionBesides the T3 based VWAP, the VWAP legacy has been added. PIVOT FIBS plus & VP-R Momenticks ─ Additional midpoint: vpr.VWAP, cur.VWAP and prev.VWAP Fixed issues with vpr.PVP pip distance calculation New templates and profile Added a button control to reset the VP-R & VWAP vertical guidelines (from & to) As always, please read post #1 for setup instructions.

--- 帖子 #265 ---
T3 based VWAP
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

✔ T3 by Tim Tillson
Tim Tillson is a software project manager at Hewlett-Packard, with degrees in Mathematics and Computer Science. He has privately traded options and equities for 15 years.

"Digital filtering includes the process of smoothing, predicting, differentiating, integrating, separation of signals, and removal of noise from a signal. Thus many people who do such things are using digital filters without realizing that they are; being unacquainted with the theory, they neither understand what they have done nor the possibilities of what they might have done."

This quote from R. W. Hamming applies to the vast majority of indicators in technical analysis. Moving averages, be they simple, weighted, or exponential, are lowpass filters; low-frequency components in the signal pass through with little attenuation, while high frequencies are severely reduced. "Oscillator" type indicators (such as MACD, Momentum, Relative Strength Index) are another type of digital filter called a differentiator. Tushar Chande has observed that many popular oscillators are highly correlated, which is sensible because they are trying to measure the rate of change of the underlying time series, i.e., are trying to be the first and second derivatives we all learned about in Calculus.

We use moving averages (lowpass filters) in technical analysis to remove the random noise from a time series, to discern the underlying trend or to determine prices at which we will take action. A perfect moving average would have two attributes:

It would be smooth, not sensitive to random noise in the underlying time series. Another way of saying this is that its derivative would not spuriously alternate between positive and negative values.

It would not lag behind the time series it is computed from. Lag, of course, produces late buy or sell signals that kill profits.
The only way one can compute a perfect moving average is to know the future, and if we had that, we would buy one lottery ticket a week rather than trade!

--- 帖子 #266 ---
unbelievable... V2vboni, you have made it.

I will look at it closely a little bit later. I have no time to check it now.

For now, where can I read about vpr. abbreviation? (curr. and prev. have been got)

Best

D.P.

--- 帖子 #267 ---
vpr = is the VP-R indicator

cur = current

prev = previous

--- 帖子 #268 ---
I have just found your CME options dissapeared form the VWAP button - 1

RES/SES added - what is it?

You need writing USER MANUAL! )))

Best

D.P.

--- 帖子 #269 ---
Yes, I removed that as it may cause an information overload

RES/SES button is just for resetting the current vertical line guides for both Volume Profile and VWAP indicator Range

RES = Reset (SES active to Reset)

SES = I can't think of any other 3-letter to name it. This is just a fail-safe so users won't be able to clear the current vertical line guide position accidentally. Thus, at times it needed to cycle with the two-button state.

Users may need to exercise their memory retention or brainpower when using this system. No need to spoonfed a lot. This is a FREE system, I don't care how many traders who will use it or found it useless.

--- 帖子 #270 ---
I have got it all. The last (for now) Q. Do I right understand that you have made smoothing VPR-VWAP with T3? and left the original VWAP "as is" (legacy) at the same time? That is why they are a little bit different, is that?

Best

D.P.

--- 帖子 #271 ---
All VWAP legacy is in horizontal line (white color: vpr.WAP = solid white line | cur.VWAP & prev.VWAP = dash.dot.dash line

--- 帖子 #272 ---
I have understood that. What about T3-VWAP?

This T3-VWAP uses the same swing time range but smoothed. Right?

Best

D.P.

--- 帖子 #273 ---
No, T3 based VWAP (VP-R & VWAP indicator) uses vertical line guides (from & to) custom range, but not unless you plot manually with the same range as the VWAP legacy.

T3 VWAP is using the following filtering/smoothed technologyHMA-DSMA Jurik MomenTicks

--- 帖子 #274 ---
v2v dynamic trading system: Volcanic Edition ( new )Now... featuring one of a kind VWAP & PVP (or POC) based FIBS

--- 帖子 #275 ---
v2v dynamic trading system... volcanic edition

--- 帖子 #276 ---
Thanks. But I have 2 Q to ask

1/ What parameters does Legacy VWAP option influence on?

2/ Wt.Close - what is it?

3/ Do you expect Quartal VWAP?

At last, I have found a suggestion to be realized. You have been using the "MTF" button at the lower indicators. Could you please shift this button directly to the "RSI Classic" button? Or made an option to shift it out... Yes, you can say this option already exists - but this option shifts both of buttons left or right at the same time.

Best

D.P.

--- 帖子 #277 ---
As designed... No legacy option for both indicator that uses range-bound ( using vertical line guides - from & to ) VWAP of VP-R_MomenTicks & VWAP_MomenTicks. The Legacy VWAP only shows within horizontal volume bars of VP-R_MomenTicks, and horizontal lines of PIVOT FIBS plus indicator.

Wt = weighted but I just changed it along with the others on the next upload.Typical = pivot FIBS s.Open = session open w.Open = weighted open p.Close = previous close w.Close = weighted close p.High = previous high p.Low = previous low PVP = peak volume price... a.k.a. POC = point of control  ─  pvp FIBS VWAP = volume weighted average price  ─  vwap FIBS For ADR range button:cur.Pivot = current pivot prev.Pivot = previous pivot cur.VWAP = current vwap prev.VWAP = previous vwap cur.PVP = current pvp prev.PVP = previous PVP vpr.PVP = volume profile range pvp vpr.VWAP = volume profile range vwap

Quarterly/Yearly for PVP & VWAP can't be done at the moment, as it needs a massive restructuring ( a lot of coding work ). For now, I suggest using the range-bound VWAP feature instead.

The other features with regards to the button on left ( e.g. RSI Classic ) will remain due to information ( limited text length if covered ) next to it. Thus, the button on the right ( MTF ) will remain.

--- 帖子 #278 ---
V2vboni, I meant as follows - yes, the button will remain, but its position on the screen should be shifted to the position of RSI button (left), if possible.

Look at the picture below. You can not see the MTF button, if the chart is one half (or one third) of the whole screen.

Best

D.P.

--- 帖子 #279 ---
thanks!

I was using 4 monitors in front of me and I got used to a full-screen chart. Anyhow, I move the button and parameter info.

Download it >>> here

--- 帖子 #280 ---
Weeklies: Open Interest Expected Range ─ 20th-24th January 2020
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

☝ This is not a fundamental determinant. Users are advised to read them with considerable caution. Use this at your own risk. I disclaim all liability for direct or consequential damages resulting from your use of this information.

--- 帖子 #281 ---
v2v dynamic trading system: UPDATEModify global variable process handling Fixed VP-R VWAP & PVP horizontal line for getting cleared upon parameter call (on-reload)  Download it >>> here

--- 帖子 #282 ---
v2v dynamic trading system: UPDATEfixed small issues after I added legacy VWAP horizontal lines with VP-R tool. updated templates fixed de-initialized routine process
Download it >>> here

--- 帖子 #283 ---
Sorry... it just keeps on going... and going... updating ; )─
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it here >>> Post#1

--- 帖子 #284 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #285 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #286 ---
v2v dynamic trading system: UPDATESPivot FIBS and ATR Mid-Point switch button behavior Fixed template reload, Fixed reload chart elements when using the All Time-Frame Change script. You may need to delete ALL v2v Global variables >>> instructions at post #1 or use the FXV_Volume on Main Chart indicator to do so  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get the updated release >>> HERE <<< and read everything herein in order to prepare your MT4 platform and yourself for the v2v dynamic trading system.

--- 帖子 #287 ---
v2v dynamic trading system: UPDATESAdded new horizontal volume bar positioning ( Right-Outside ) New templates, and a profile  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get the updated release >>> HERE <<< and read everything herein in order to prepare your MT4 platform and yourself for the v2v dynamic trading system.

--- 帖子 #288 ---
v2v dynamic trading system: Game Changer Edition... Soon!
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #289 ---
Game Changer Edition... v2v dynamic trading systemAnchored VP-R ( new ) New templates, and a profile Default parameter for vertical volume bars is now OFF VP-R button data source value (e.g. M1 to M30 data) is also used by Pivot Fibs Plus for its own VWAP & PVP Added a reset button behavior for vertical line guides both with Anchored VP-R You may need to delete ALL v2v global variables >>> by using FXV_Volume on Main Chart indicator to do so  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get the updated release >>> HERE <<< and read everything herein in order to prepare your MT4 platform and yourself for the v2v dynamic trading system.

--- 帖子 #290 ---
Game Changer Edition... v2v dynamic trading system: UPDATESCompiled in MetaTrader 4 build 1260 (24th January 2020) HA-APB: Fixed a minor issue with Scale Fix button Get the updated release >>> HERE <<< and read everything herein in order to prepare your MT4 platform and yourself for the v2v dynamic trading system.

--- 帖子 #291 ---
Hi,

I have just found you replaced the divergence option from indicators. Am I right?

Best

D.P.

--- 帖子 #292 ---
yes...  https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...3#post12590093

--- 帖子 #293 ---
v2v dynamic trading system: UPDATESNavigational button location adjustment New templates, and a profile  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get the updated release >>> HERE <<< and read everything herein in order to prepare your MT4 platform and yourself for the v2v dynamic trading system.

--- 帖子 #294 ---
Still, a long way to go for this v2v dynamic trading system

But, for now... This Game Changer Edition will not be updated for some time. Next... Hopefully, making an MT5 release.

Although, there are a couple of features I wish to add with this system...Position sizing ( I have an existing one that needs some work to be done )
─ Auto/Manual ATR based calculation that dynamically adjusts the ATR based bands of two VP-R indicator
─ TP, SL, and BE target
─ Pip & Amount counter

--- 帖子 #295 ---
✍ The Commitments of Traders (CoT) Report: Week #3

https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...8#post12721388

--- 帖子 #296 ---
v2v dynamic trading system: Kobe Edition ─  powered by Mamba Mentality and with Nikola Tesla in mindCode optimizations  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

...was doing some code optimizations with this system and I had a logical break in-between when suddenly on my YouTube channel subscription with TMZ shows live video footage on news about Kobe died in a helicopter accident. So, I said to myself, this can't be true... Then, I immediately went to the CNN site and Yahoo.com to verify. Nothing was there at all. I suspected it just might be fake news. But after 10 minutes... it started to be in everybody's news site.

Mall of Asia, Philippines
Attached Image

--- 帖子 #297 ---
※ Traders Dynamic Zones ( TDZ )

This indicator is a hybrid TDI that uses the same RSI core... BUT with a lot of twists inside. Thus, it became a one-of-a-kind oscillator that is uniquely different from the traditional TDI.

Here are the following TDZ features & functions:

☛ Dynamic Zones by Leo Zamansky Ph.D. and David Stendahl

The Dynamic Zone indicator can elaborately show how it solves common trading complications. Extreme investing employs the use of oscillators to exploit tradable trends in the market. This style of investing follows a very simple form of logic: only enter the market when an oscillator has moved far above or below traditional trading levels. However, these indicator driven systems, cannot evolve with the market because they use the fixed buy and sell zones. Traders typically use one set of buy and sell zones for a bull market and substantially different zones for a bear market.

Herein lies the complications. Once traders begin introducing their market opinions into trading equations, by changing the zones, they negate the system's mechanical nature. The objective is to have a system automatically define its own buy and sell zones and thereby profitably trade in any market -- bull or bear. Dynamic Zones offer a solution to the complications of fixed buy and sell zones for any indicator driven systems.

☛ Jurik filter ─ phase and smoothing

This TDI version uses JMA's (Jurik Research Moving Average) phase and smoothing calculation. Have you noticed how moving averages add some lag (delay) to your signals? ... especially when price gaps up or down in a big move, and you are waiting for your moving average to catch up? Wait no more! JMA eliminates these complications forever and gives you the best of both worlds: low lag and smooth lines.

Ideally, for instance, a filtered signal may both be smooth and lag-free. Lag causes delays in your trades, and increasing lag in your indicators typically results in lower profits. In other words, latecomers get what's left on the table after the feast has already begun. The JMA's improved timing and smoothness will astound you.
JMA is a powerful adaptive tracker that can smooth time series data with a very small lag, no overshoots and no oscillations. The algorithm is stable and avoids the complexities of neural networks. JMA delivers the best all-around performance for smoothness, accuracy, and timeliness.

☛ RSI-Trend Strength Index (RSX) by Mark Jurik

RSI is a very popular technical indicator because it takes into consideration market speed, direction, and trend uniformity. However, its widely criticized drawback is its noisy (jittery) appearance. The RSX retains all the useful features of RSI, but with one important exception: the noise is gone with no added lag.

☛ Best Formula: Using Average Price Bar ( APB ) calculation for calculating Price parameter

Average Price Bars provide a better depiction of the current market by eliminating or reducing fluctuations in nominal price action often referred to as “choppiness” of current High, Low, and Close price action. In other words, APB removes the noise of price distortion.

☛ Uses Hull MA (by Allan Hull) but this one is a variation from Low lag to zero-lag

There are many types of moving averages, the most basic being the Simple Moving Average (SMA). Of all the moving averages the SMA lags price the most. The Exponential and Weighted Moving Averages were developed to address this lag by placing more emphasis on more recent data. The Hull Moving Average (HMA), developed by Allan Hull, is an extremely fast and smooth moving average. The HMA almost eliminates lag and manages to improve smoothing at the same time. With TDZ indicator combined with Hull MA variation with Jurik filters, and phase & smoothing that ultimately eliminates lagging.

☛ Ehler's Deviation-Scaled Moving Average ( DSMA )

The new DSMA made by John Ehlers and featured in the July 2018 issue of TASC magazine. The DSMA is a data smoothing technique that acts as an exponential moving average with a dynamic smoothing coefficient. The smoothing coefficient is automatically updated based on the magnitude of price changes. In the Deviation-Scaled Moving Average, the standard deviation from the mean is chosen to be the measure of this magnitude. The resulting indicator provides substantial smoothing of the data even when price changes are small while quickly adapting to these changes.

☛ RSI & RSX haDelta

haDelta is a simple formula originally developed and published by Mr. Dan Valcu. The idea behind haDelta is to quantify HA candles. By doing this, one can measure momentum and this is very important when you use haDelta for reversals. It measures the difference between HA Close and HA Open. Caution: High sensitivity if used.

☛ Vertical Horizontal Filter ( VHF )

Vertical Horizontal Filter (VHF) was created by Adam White to identify trending and ranging markets. VHF measures the level of trend activity, similar to ADX in the Directional Movement System. Trend indicators can then be employed in trending markets and momentum indicators in ranging markets.

☛ T3 (TRIX) by Tim Tillson

The reason for the development of this moving average was to improve the noise filter and decrease a lag, presented in most of the moving averages. The indicator is based on multiple exponential smoothing of price.

☛ Dominant Cycle Period ( DCP )

The DCP generated value is being used as a dynamic Period parameter value (for TDZ bands).
Based on Homodyne Discriminator by John F. Ehlers, Rocket Science for Traders >>> here. This type of algorithm exhibits superior performance in a low signal-to-noise environment.

Homodyne means I use the signal multiplied by itself one bar ago to produce a zero-frequency beat note. This beat note carries the phase angle of the one-bar change. Still using the basic definition of a cycle, the one-bar rate of change of phase is exactly the cycle period.

☛ Linear Momentum

Linear momentum is defined as the product of a system's mass multiplied by its velocity. In symbols, linear momentum is expressed as p = mv. Momentum is directly proportional to the object's mass and also its velocity. Thus the greater an object's mass or the greater its velocity, the greater its momentum.

Read more about Linear Momentum >>> here

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get the updated release >>> HERE <<< and read everything herein in order to prepare your MT4 platform and yourself for the v2v dynamic trading system

--- 帖子 #298 ---
Why v2v dynamic trading system tools have this kind of default parameter value?
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Answers:Unlike stock prices, most of the time FX pairs have a way more tendency to overshoots targets/prices due to a lot of factors in just a matter of seconds or minute(s) and then go back immediately to where it almost started in up & down or whipsaw price movement. Thus, most indicators suffer from this type of movement like a head-fake, that may act like an intentional/unintentional misdirection. Hence, it may produce false signals If this system doesn't have such process update delay parameter value, this system would greatly slow down the MT4 platform and you'll found this system unusable. With such a parameter option, you won't have multiple features that you could enjoy having with this system. The same goes for having such a feature to load a limited number of bars for processing to achieve faster rendering of MTF volume bars or data transformation. The update delay process works during normal volatility... BUT, it can be overridden by FXV Volume on Main Chart tool for its volatility pips parameter (auto/manual) value. Once the pip threshold reached, it will trigger the update process of some tools within the system, and then reset back to the default process delay parameter value in minute(s).

--- 帖子 #299 ---
v2v dynamic trading system: ...fixed minor issuesmaintain/deletion action of system objects current pivot button cycle selection fixed  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #300 ---
My Custom CoT data report:  Week #4

https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...6#post12732476

--- 帖子 #301 ---
Just one of the ways you could use this v2v dynamic trading system...

--- 帖子 #302 ---
v2v dynamic trading system: minor updates on the color representation of horizontal bars, vwap and pvp new templates, and profile  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #303 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #304 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #305 ---
My Custom CoT data report: Week #5.

https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...3#post12744203

--- 帖子 #306 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #307 ---
v2v dynamic trading system:dynamic optimization of Volume Profile's horizontal bars  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #308 ---
My Custom CoT data reports: ✍ The Commitments of Traders (CoT) Report: Week #6

https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...3#post12744203

--- 帖子 #309 ---
v2v dynamic trading system: ...Updates

Montauk Editionv2v MomenTicks:

Now with... Tick Volume Indicator ( TVI ) by William Blau. In his book "Momentum, Direction and Divergence" (1995). If you like to learn more, we advise you to read this book. His book focuses on three key aspects of trading: momentum, direction, and divergence. Blau, who was an electrical engineer before becoming a trader, thoroughly examines the relationship between price and momentum.

TVI is calculated according to this formula:

TVI = 100 x (DEMA(UpTicks) - DEMA(DownTicks))/(DEMA(UpTicks) + DEMA(DownTicks))

Typical Usage:

The TVI helps identify whether buyers or sellers are in control. If the TVI is trending up, it indicates that buyers are in control. If the TVI is trending down, it indicates that sellers are in control. If the TVI is above zero, it indicates that net buying has taken place over the time period displayed. If the TVI is below zero, it indicates that net selling has taken place over the time period displayed.
If a large number of trades are taking place at a specific price level (i.e., a flat spot forms on the tick chart) and the TVI is rising (falling), look for the price to break out on the upside (downside).
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

─added vertical line guide that is useful in MTF mode

This TVI is not your typical TVI... This one got fused with the v2v dynamic trading system to become something else... a Blau TVI ; )─

Get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #310 ---
v2v dynamic trading system: ... a Project Looking Glassv2v MomenTicks:Now with... SSRC Momenticks is a fused original Spearman's Rank Correlation but using the following...
─ v2v MomenTicks dynamic setup, and
─ TVI calculation. Fixed minor issue with MTF switching Fixed minor issue with parameter Period on-change value Attached Image (click to enlarge)
SSRC original description Attached Image (click to enlarge)
The Spearman study is a technical indicator used for the evaluation of trend strength and turning point detection. This study calculates Spearman's rank correlation coefficient in order to reveal the correlation between actual price changes and an extremely strong trend. The Spearman indicator registers two sets of data: prices of each bar during the specified period in their chronological order and the same prices sorted ascendingly.Updated Blau TVI using T3 MA calculation for Price  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

(re-uploaded - minor updates)
Get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #311 ---
v2v dynamic trading system: ... a Project Looking Glassv2v MomenTicks:Re-arrange Linear MomenTicks type:  Button selection cycle Attached Image      Get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #312 ---
v2v dynamic trading system: ... a Project Looking Glassv2v MomenTicks:Added the Force MomenTicks

The force index (a.k.a. Force MomenTicks under v2v dynamic setup) is a technical indicator that measures the amount of power used to move the price of an asset. The term and its formula were developed by psychologist and trader Alexander Elder and published in his 1993 book Trading for a Living. The force index uses price and volume to determine the amount of strength behind a price move. The index is an oscillator... but wait! Since it was fused under the v2v dynamic trading system, it can be called a Momencillator ( Linear-weighted momentum ─ TVI powered ) - a Momentum and an Oscillator.

The Force MomenTicks is used for trend and breakout confirmation, as well as spotting potential turning points.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Just a fandom meaning... ; )─
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #313 ---
v2v dynamic trading system: ... a Project Looking Glassv2v MomenTicks:Multiple instances option has been added.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Use the below instruction to delete some unneeded GVs due to this update ( or read instructions at post #1). Or use the usual MT4 platform instructions when deleting GVs
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #314 ---
v2v dynamic trading system: ... a Project Looking Glass

─ v2v MomenTicks:Phase Accumulation of MACD has been updated using the Rma average of MACD.  Rma is a variation of an SMA.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #315 ---
v2v dynamic trading system: ... a Project Looking Glass

─ v2v MomenTicks:Removed some of the LWMs... and below are the remaining ones. Attached Image     Get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #316 ---
v2v dynamic trading system: ... a Project Looking Glass

─ just done code optimizations only
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #317 ---
v2v dynamic trading system: ... a Project Looking Glass

─ v2v MomenTicksAdded Smoothed Rate of Change (ROC) using price T3 MA & Tick Volume Index Get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #318 ---
v2v dynamic trading system: ... a Project Looking Glass

─ TDZ MomenTicks
─ v2v MomenTicks A significant improvement in the application of DSMA algorithm to both v2v & TDZ MomenTicks.   Attached Image (click to enlarge)

(uploaded again)
Get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #319 ---
v2v dynamic trading system: ... a Project Looking Glass
Attached Image    A significant improvement in the application of DSMA algorithm updated template updated profile  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #320 ---
v2v dynamic trading system: ... a Project Looking Glass  Adjusted the lower time frame (M1, M5, M15) algorithm for linear weighted (volume or ticks) momentum (LWM).

...kind of fixed the issue, but it's because of this LWM minuscule data (changes in between candle bars) at the lower time frame  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Note:  There are times you may need to use chart zoom in or use MTF mode at the lower time frame
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #321 ---
...relaxing, Palawan... Philippines

--- 帖子 #322 ---
v2v dynamic trading system

MomenTicks is a Linear (velocity * price) / Weighted (volume or tick data * velocity) Momentum (LWM) Fused the Laguerre of RSI with TDZ MomenTicksThe existing code (Laguerre of RSI) made by David W. Thomas was based on John Ehler's Laguerre Filter to avoid the noise of RSI. However, IMHO the said filter flattens the underlying trends and then, resulting in a sudden change of direction (from flat to directional up or down). Thus, I applied DSMA (by John Ehler ─ TASC magazine 2019) and Jurik MA smoothing filters with LWM algorithm or under TDZ setup in order to see what's getting filtered.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> here

Supporting document about Laguerre of RSI
Attached File(s)   Ehlers (Time Warp).doc

282 KB
|
336 downloads

--- 帖子 #323 ---
v2v dynamic trading system: ... a Project Looking Glassv2v MomenTicksNow with Laguerre MomenTicks   Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #324 ---
v2v dynamic trading system: ... a Project Looking Glass

Updated & Optimized:HA_APB TDZ MomenTicks v2v MomenTicks Get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #325 ---
v2v dynamic trading system: ... a Project Looking Glass

Laguerre MomenTicks: updated LWM calculation
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #326 ---
v2v dynamic trading system: ... a Project Looking Glass

v2v MomenTicks:Change MTF behavior ─ This fixed the issue with MTF switching behavior. Made Laguerre as the default v2v MomenTicks TDZ MomenTicks:Made Laguerre as the default TDZ MomenTicks  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

re-uploaded...
Get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #327 ---
v2v dynamic trading system: ... a Project Looking GlassFixed minor issues between DCP vs Laguerre button behavior under v2v MomenTicks.  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #328 ---
v2v dynamic trading system: ... a Project Looking Glass This system welcomes... The Singular Spectral Analysis ( SSA ) of MomenTicks

Brief Wikipedia definition:

"In time series analysis, singular spectrum analysis (SSA) is a nonparametric spectral estimation method. It combines elements of classical time series analysis, multivariate statistics, multivariate geometry, dynamical systems, and signal processing"
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Basically this toll is an idea of how we can use this scientific tool as a technical analysis instrument. You do not need to understand in-depth what SSA is, you need to understand what it does. It decomposes the time series and then reconstructs them.

Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) is a method that takes all the variability in a series and breaks it into a few oscillation patterns that we refer to as eigenvectors. It also gives a measure of the significance of these patterns or eigenvalues.

“Eigen” is a German word, which roughly translates to “characteristic”. Eigenvectors are structure functions that best represent the modes of behavior in price. The eigenvalues are a measure of the variance that these modes account for. The eigenvectors can be ordered by eigenvalue, highest to lowest, so that the first few patterns retain most of the variance in the data. The ordered eigenvalues are referred to collectively as the Singular Spectrum.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

─ A higher number of SSA bars: Smoother results
─ A lower number of Lag SSA bars: Sharper results
─ A higher number of Computations: Sharper result
─ A less number of Computations: Smoother results

Based on the original SSA of Price (advanced) by mladen with the required library file ( libSSA.dll ). As a guest tool for v2v dynamic trading system, you need to attach this tool manually (not included on v2v dynamic template) on your chart. Note: This is just the beginning of its integration to v2v dynamic trading system
re-attached: libSSA.dll
Get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #329 ---
Tip of the day  Using Dominant Cycle Period ( DCP ) as Lag length for Singular Spectral Analysis tool  This may get automated soon as the process of improvements or enhancement continues for this system

--- 帖子 #330 ---
v2v dynamic trading system: ... a Project Looking GlassUpdated all AutoNumBars feature with a default value 900 bars minimum ( if the feature is OFF ) Updated templates (now with SSA of MomenTicks )
re-uploaded: reset VPR vertical line positioning when switching from M1 to M15
Get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #331 ---
v2v dynamic trading system: ... a Project Looking Glassoptimizations of some of the indicators/tools updated templates  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #332 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #333 ---
Tip of the day

--- 帖子 #334 ---
v2v dynamic trading system: ... a Project Looking Glass TDZ MomenTicks
─ Applied RSX  filter to Laguerre TDZ

Updated templates
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

re-uploaded
Get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #335 ---
EUR/USD:  Laguerre TDZ (RSX)

--- 帖子 #336 ---
v2v dynamic trading system: ... a Project Looking Glass v2v MomenTicks

─ Volatility Ratio: Now using a default Period value of 25 but it can change dynamically by getting the maximum value between the default Period of 25 vs the value of Dominant Cycle Period (DCP) divided by 3 (not divided in MTF & DCP mode is ON). The data is derived from the Standard Deviation of Price (close) and powered by MomenTicks

─ Synthetic VIX (SVIX) Ratio (New): By default, the Period value is 20 but it can change dynamically by getting the maximum value between the default Period of 20 vs the value of Dominant Cycle Period (DCP) divided by 3 (not divided in MTF & DCP mode is ON). The data is derived from the Standard Deviation of Price (close) and powered by MomenTicks.

This is based on the original research/studies of Larry Williams (activetradermag.com, December 2007), The VIX Fix. ─ A “synthetic” VIX calculation can be used in any market to reproduce the performance of the well-known volatility index.

This SVIX Ratio allows traders to gauge the securities that do not have an official CBOE VIX ticker symbol.

Both SVIX and Volatility Ratio explores the momentum and price ranges relative to relevant securities (stocks, CFDs or currency pairs) closing prices over a prescribed period.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

re-uploaded...
Get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #337 ---
v2v dynamic trading system: ... a Project Looking Glass v2v MomenTicks

─ Change Period parameters (default values and  process )

─ Code improvement/optimization

TDZ MomenTicks

─ Laguerre TDZ code improvement/optimization
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #338 ---
v2v MomenTicks

Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #339 ---
v2v dynamic trading system: ... a Project Looking Glass v2v MomenTicks

─ Volatility and Synthetic VIX (SVIX) Ratio has been updated, and it is now using an Adaptive Deviation (previously using a Standard Deviation calculation)

The difference when compared to standard is significant - not just because of ema usage, but the efficiency ratio is making it a "bit more logical" in very volatile market conditions. ─ mladen  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

re-uploaded...
Get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #340 ---
v2v dynamic trading system: ... a Project Looking Glass v2v MomenTicks

─ Removed Volatility Ratio and kept Synthetic VIX (SVIX) to avoid redundancy or technical analysis paralysis about volatility.
─ Fixed issue with DCP & MTF button behavior or interaction with v2v MomenTicks.
Get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #341 ---
v2v dynamic trading system: ... a Project Looking Glass v2v MomenTicks

─ Now... Laguerre MomenTicks is using an Adaptive Deviation.

Singular Spectrum Analysis ( SSA ) of MomenTicks

─ Updated the internal dynamic calculation of Jurik filters.

─ Just to be clear... SSA is originally designed as a recalculating algorithm. Thus, it looks to repaint from time-to-time.

─ This tool is not ideal to view on a chart lower than M30 TF (overshooting linear MomenTicks' line issue).

─ In full integration or in the next release, this SSA of MomenTicks will be showing like a normal Japanese candlestick bars on-chart but colored based on slope change.

─ Since SSA of MomenTicks recalculates, you may view this tool just like an MTF mode of Heiken Ashi bars.

─ And of course, no single tool of v2v dynamic trading system that can be used as a sole indicator that helps manage your trading positions or position your positions accordingly.

─ However, if you wanted to use another variation of SSA which doesn't repaint, simply google search "SSA normalized end-pointed".

─ Anyway, this is just a guess indicator at the moment, you may remove it as you wish.
re-uploaded...
Get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #342 ---
v2v dynamic trading system: ... a Project Looking Glass v2v MomenTicks

─ Now... Blau TVI is using an Adaptive Deviation.

Get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #343 ---
Stable release...

v2v dynamic trading system... a Project looking glass
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Heiken Ashi ─ APBupdated APB channel  optimized volume-weighted algorithm

v2v MomenTicksfinally fixed the button switching behavior optimized volume-weighted algo

TDZ MomenTicksoptimized volume-weighted algorithm

Short & Long Deviation Scaled MAoptimized volume-weighted algorithm

SSA of MomenTicksoptimized volume-weighted algorithm a new default parameter value

New templates

re-uploaded...
Get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #344 ---
The two Singular Spectrum Analysis ( SSA ) of MomenTicksStand-alone version or it doesn't need to run or attached with the v2v dynamic trading system
Attached File(s)   SSA_of_MomenTicks_stand-alone.ex4

64 KB
|
574 downloads
This version must be run with the v2v dynamic trading system
Attached File(s)   SSA_of_MomenTicks.ex4

65 KB
|
498 downloads

─ Again, just to be clear... SSA is originally designed (based on the exact science of SSA) as a recalculating algorithm. Thus, the slope color change repaints from time-to-time.

─ Since SSA of MomenTicks recalculates, you may view this tool just like an MTF mode of Heiken Ashi bars. Hence, you may adjust the parameters according to your own way of using it. Come to think of it, those time-based charts such as 1-minute, 15-minute or 4-hour also “repaints or recalculates” the same exact way.

─ And of course, this tool cannot simply use as the sole indicator that helps manage your trading positions or position your positions accordingly.

- A higher number of SSA bars: Smoother results
- A lower number of Lag SSA bars: Sharper results
- A higher number of Computations: Sharper result
- A less number of Computations: Smoother results

Get the required libSSA.dll file at >>> post #1

--- 帖子 #345 ---
...working on to improved or add features for VP & Anchored VP, and the PIVOT FIB plus using the so-called z-scores and was widely discussed in this FF thread by GoldTheHun

More about z-scores

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #346 ---
v2v dynamic trading system: ... a Project Looking Glass

Attached Image (click to enlarge)
TDZ MomenTicksreduced features: The remaining ones...Laguerre TDZ (using RSX) RSI Classic

v2v MomenTicksreduced features: The remaining ones... Laguerre MomenTicks Phase Accumulation of MACD (using Rma - a variation of SMA) Blau TVI Synthetic VIX Ratio (using adaptive deviation)

Volume Profile RangeATR or DCP value Multiplier is now using the Statistical Z-Scores
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

New templates

Get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #347 ---
v2v dynamic trading system: ... a Project Looking Glass

FIXED slowness...

Get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #348 ---
v2v dynamic trading system: ... a Project Looking Glass  Made some improvements or adjustments on the code, and then put back the other tools. Volume Profile Range (VWAP) using z-scores has been updated
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #349 ---
v2v dynamic trading system: ... a Project Looking Glass Volume Profile Range (VWAP) parameter updates:
─ adjusted parameter value calculation to conform with the Statistical Z-Scores  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

re-uploaded...
Get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #350 ---
v2v dynamic trading system: ... a Project Looking Glass code optimizations  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #351 ---
v2v dynamic trading system: ... a Project Looking Glass

...a multiplier has been added.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #352 ---
v2v dynamic trading system: ... a Project Looking Glass

...now compatible with CFD Indices

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #353 ---
...time for a logical break, away from trading.

Inserted Video    (1995) Kaleidoscope World

So many faces, so many races Different voices, different choices Some are mad, while others laugh Some live alone with no better half Others grieve while others curse And others mourn behind a big black hearse Some are pure and some half-bred Some are sober and some are wasted Some are rich because of fate and Some are poor with no food on their plate Some stand out while others blend Some are fat and stout while some are thin Some are friends and some are foes Some have some while some have most  Every color and every hue Is represented by me and you Take a slide in the slope Take a look in the kaleidoscope Spinnin' round, make it twirl In this kaleidoscope world  Some are great and some are few Others lie while some tell the truth Some say poems and some do sing Others sing through their guitar strings Some know it all while some act dumb Let the bass line strum to the bang of the drum Some can swim while some will sink And some will find their minds and think Others walk while others run You can't talk peace and have a gun Some are hurt and start to cry Don't ask me how don't ask me why Some are friends and some are foes Some have some while some have most  Every color and every hue Is represented by me and you Take a slide in the slope Take a look in the kaleidoscope Spinnin' round, make it twirl In this kaleidoscope world  Kaleidoscope world In this kaleidoscope world

--- 帖子 #354 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #355 ---
v2v dynamic trading system: ... a Project Looking Glass A new Anchored VWAP has been added:  Now, a total of 3 VP/WAP indicator New templates  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #356 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #357 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #358 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #359 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #360 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #361 ---
v2v dynamic trading system: ... a Project Looking Glass Added another function to VPR vertical position reset:
─ To reset global variables (delete all global variables)  New template  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #362 ---
v2v dynamic trading system: ... a Project Looking Glass Added another function to VPR vertical position reset:
─ A global variable reset (delete all global variables): This is useful in particular whenever the navigational buttons are not behaving accordingly ; )─↓
v2v MomenTicks: Blau TVI has been updated New templates  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #363 ---
My custom CoT data report format:

https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...5#post12814285

--- 帖子 #364 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #365 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #366 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #367 ---
Why is it so to be in the last .zip?

Best

D.P.

--- 帖子 #368 ---
Oh!  thanks, Doc...

I'm not sure how it happened... Anyway, I rectified the issue and soon it will be updated with the correct template files.

--- 帖子 #369 ---
v2v dynamic trading system: ... a Project Looking Glass PIVOT FIB Plus:
─ Added the third VPR (anchored VWAP) as additional ATR/ADR midpoint reference (v1v VWAP & PVP) Modified the third VPR to work with PIVOT FIBS plus New templates (corrected .tpl files)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

re-uploaded...
Get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #370 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #371 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #372 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #373 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #374 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #375 ---
v2v dynamic trading system: ... a Project Looking Glass PIVOT FIB Plus:
─ Fixed somewhat of an issue with navigational button behavior ...anyway, just get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #376 ---
Be safe... stay healthy and

wishing you all the best.

─v2v

Inserted Video

--- 帖子 #377 ---
v2v dynamic trading system: ... a Project Looking GlassVP-R tools
─ added 1st SD Z-Scores 1.00
PIVOT FIBS plus
─ fixed issue with the navigational buttons  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

re-uploaded
...get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #378 ---
v2v dynamic trading system: ... a Project Looking GlassVP-R tools
─ Execution optimization ...just get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #379 ---
...just posted my custom CoT data Week #11

https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...0#post12828750

--- 帖子 #380 ---
v2v dynamic trading system: ... a Project Looking Glass System updates:
─ Temporarily removed Laguerre under TDZ MomenTicks and revert back the following TDZs:

1) RSI-RSX
2) RSX-haDelta
3) RSI-haDelta

─ v2v MomenTicks: Removed the following features:
1) SSRC2) Synthetic VIX Ratio
─ VP-R tools: Optimized
─ New Templates
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

...anyway, just get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #381 ---
v2v dynamic trading system: ... a Project Looking GlassTDZ MomenTicks:
─ put back Laguerre MomenTicks
─ a minuscule improvement on its calculation New templates
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #382 ---
Optimized once again ; )─  The never-ending story of issues, updates, fixes, additions... etc.

Hayzzzz... just get it anyway ; )─

...download here

--- 帖子 #383 ---
Final update of the day...  ; )─

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #384 ---
v2v dynamic trading system: ... a Project Looking Glass TDZ MomenTicks:
─ Dynamic Zone ( DZ ) Levels are now using Z-Score calculation with ATR value or Dominant Cycle Period ( DCP )  Attached Image
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #385 ---
Inserted Video
Inserted Video

--- 帖子 #386 ---
v2v dynamic trading system: ... a Project Looking Glass HA APB:
─ updated the Price Action Channel and the Average Price Each tool within the system had a minuscule update  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

...anyway, just get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #387 ---
v2v dynamic trading system: ... a Project Looking Glass TDZ MomenTicks:
─ added RSX Laguerre  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #388 ---
To Fellow Traders...

...Stay Safe  ...Stay Healthy   ...My Brother

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #389 ---
v2v dynamic trading system: ... a Project Looking Glass TDZ MomenTicks
─ Updated tick data source TF ( to next TF on MTF mode )
─ Static Period default value to 9 ( if DCP is OFF)

Heiken Ashi ─ Average Price Bar ( HA-APB ) Price Action Channel ( PAC ) and Linear Weighted Average Price
─ Updated tick data source TF ( to next TF on MTF mode )

v2v MomenTicks
─ Using Z-Score based DCP ( if ON ) calculation for Period
─ Static Period default value to 9 and Phase Accumulation of MACD is 4  ( if DCP is OFF )  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

re-uploaded...
Get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #390 ---
...just not sure if I uploaded the correct zip file or re-compiled the updated tools as there were times it may need to recompile 3x to reflect the updates.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Try to download it again  >>> here

--- 帖子 #391 ---
v2v dynamic trading system: ... a Project Looking Glass TDZ MomenTicks
─ Added button for the existing VHF Filter parameter  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

re-uploaded...
Get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #392 ---
Be Safe  ..Be Healthy

...reposting:

Lean not on your own understanding...

Inserted Video

--- 帖子 #393 ---
My custom CoT data reports:   Week #12

https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...0#post12843580

--- 帖子 #394 ---
v2v dynamic trading system: ... a Project Looking Glass

Added a new member to the family... Regression Analysis ( RA ) for VP-R tools

─ Based on the original works by Boris Armenteros: Regression Analysis 2.0
─ This v2v RA for VP-R works ONLY for v2v dynamic trading system
─ New templatesOn the next update, I may add navigation buttons (data point range) to jump from one VP-R tool to another and probably add the following...
─ DCP based calculation
─ Linear-Volume Weighted Price (not sure though)  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #395 ---
v2v dynamic trading system: ... a Project Looking Glass

UPDATES:

Regression Analysis ( RA ) for VP-R tools:added a button to jump from one VPR tool range to another Volume Profile (VPR tools): vertical and horizontal line colors minuscule code optimization (streamlined code execution) Otherscode optimizations.  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

re-uploaded
Get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #396 ---
Open Session (Sydney - Tokyo - London - New York). You may need to adjust accordingly with your broker server time (chart time).

Click here >>> for session time guides

--- 帖子 #397 ---
v2v dynamic trading system: ... a Project Looking Glass

Regression Analysis ( RA ) for VP-R tools: UPDATE

─ added a button for statistical Z-Score value to use

Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image     Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #398 ---
Volume Profile Range (VPR) required platform settings (MT4):

MT4 : Tools >>> Options >>> Charts

Attached Image
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

==============================================
A must before loading the v2v dynamic trading system ( new steps )
==============================================
Follow the steps below: Open an M1 chart Press "F2" key to load History Center Navigate to the currency pair and the "1 Minute (M1)" history data for the chart you have open in your terminal (be sure to "double click" the "1 Minute (M1)" selection in history center so it becomes the active selection) Then left-click once on any of the data rows in the right-hand window of the History Center (it doesn't matter which one) Click the "Add" button, this pops up another window titled "Bar" and the default selection is on the "year" Enter 1970 Then select "OK"... and it creates a new bar with the timestamp and price info you just added. Now select "Close" in the History Center Attached a script located under "Scripts" folder (with v2v_dynamic_system.zip) >>> Attached this to your chart: ForceLoadHistoricalData.ex4 Navigate to your M1 chart of interest and then from the terminal window (press Ctrl-T) select "Journal "-> go to main chart window and right-click mouse button and select "Refresh"...this will refresh the chart and attempts to fill any time gaps in the chart data (which now includes your year 1970 data point) with server data

─ Step 10 continued...Now your chart will have pulled anywhere from 2048 to 65536 M1 bars from your broker's server (not Metaquotes server) and is usually far more data than you can get the broker to cough up when you try and manually scroll your M1 chart back in time.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

If everything went fine... then you've quickly downloaded all the broker's M1 data on your currency pair that the broker is going to let you have, much faster than holding down the home or page-up key for minutes and minutes to download even fewer data. Now, you may continue with the rest of the time frames. But, don't forget to delete the year 1970 dummy tick data after it downloads more history, then you may need to check & verify if after the deletion (1970 record) if still got maximum historical data has been downloaded otherwise add 1970 record once again.

--- 帖子 #399 ---
Standart Deviation and Z-score Dependance

--- 帖子 #400 ---
v2v dynamic trading system: ... a Project Looking Glass

Just fixed a bug that causes a blinking linear line to appear behind the candle bars. If it happens once again... message me via PM or if you are a red flag member just post a reply herein. Thank you.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

re-uploaded
...anyway, just get the updated release >>> here

--- 帖子 #401 ---
Volume Profile with Regression Analysis (the calculation cycles through Linear, Quadratic, Logarithmic, and Exponential type of regression)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

sample template only
Attached File(s)   v2v_Volume_Profile.tpl

59 KB
|
510 downloads

--- 帖子 #402 ---
v2v dynamic trading system: ... a Project Looking Glass

Volume Profile (VPR tools):horizontal lines updates on some pairs/instrument from higher TF down to lower TF vertical line guides positioning Otherscode optimizations.  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

re-uploaded... once again ; )─
Get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #403 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #404 ---
Is When We Win... We Can Heal As One
Inserted Video

--- 帖子 #405 ---
v2v dynamic trading system: ... a Project Looking Glass

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Volume Profile Range (VP-R tools):Fixed issues with some objects not getting cleared Fixed an issue about data not in sync with Anchored VPR ( On DCP mode ON ) Regression Analysis ( RA )Added DCP value as a data point ( Note: It works only whenever there's a maximum of two VP-R tools attached on Chart )  Others:New templates added/updated Configure your MT4 platform by reading post #1 or this required volume profile setup >>> here
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #406 ---
v2v dynamic trading system: ... a Project Looking Glass

Volume Profile Range (VP-R tools):Enabled fully functional global data source (volume-tick data) selection Show data source horizon (on active/drag) vertical line guides for each VP-R tools Improved memory usage: replaced extern variable usage - from extern to input New default parameters with the new templates
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

re-uploaded...
Get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #407 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #408 ---
Hi, v2vboni

A thought: Can you make a trigger to switch off these neural net MAs, excepting the yellow tail?

Best

D.P.

--- 帖子 #409 ---
The system is getting bigger and bigger...

I had this on my note last year and not able to get it done. Thanks for reminding me. On the next updates, it will be included.

Thanks again.

--- 帖子 #410 ---
Do the following steps for each pair/instrument.. and time frames
...or read/check out this post >>> here

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

re-uploaded...
Get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #411 ---
done...

--- 帖子 #412 ---
v2v dynamic trading system: ... a Project Looking Glass

Volume Profile Range (VP-R tools):Just a small color line updates... with vertical line guide, vwap, and the data horizon. ...with that, default parameters and templates have been updated.  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #413 ---
It looks very good, but according to my analysis atr does not work with z scores. The better way to calculate volatility is by using

Average(MathLog(MathAbs(close /close[1])))

Then use sqrt(time) to project the zscore boundaries..

This is very suitable with Z-Scores.. Make sure you use a long period for the average, at least a week worth of data on 5 minute chart.

Just my 2 cents..

--- 帖子 #414 ---
Thanks for the reply, I look into it more and see how it goes.

I initially did just like that or based on what abokwaik has done with your suggested calculation. Although I did not explore that much of it as I have an existing calculation of ATR values that I must use for VWAP as the center due to the perceived notion of the price is above or above the center (VWAP) ─combining the anchored VWAP approach and the so-called MIDAS.

On the other hand, the regression channel seems near to what you have suggested >>> check the original works >>> here

Sample Code:
Inserted Code
if(Close[1] >= 10000 || Close[1] >=2000) divshift = 1000; else divshift = 1.00;

if (UseAR == ATR) iShift = GetATR();   // ATR selected ( calculated in PIPS )

iShift *= GetZscores()/divshift;

workShiftBars = (int)floor(MathSqrt(iShift*(fmax(0.25,ShiftedMultiplier))))

...
...
...
posVWAP[pos] = VWAP[pos]+VWAP[pos]*( (workShiftBars*1.96/2) )/1000;
negVWAP[pos] = VWAP[pos]-VWAP[pos]*( (workShiftBars*1.96/2) )/1000;
resVWAP[pos] = VWAP[pos]+VWAP[pos]*( (workShiftBars*2.58/2) )/1000;
supVWAP[pos] = VWAP[pos]-VWAP[pos]*( (workShiftBars*2.58/2) )/1000;
posSD1[pos]  = VWAP[pos]+VWAP[pos]*( (workShiftBars*1.28/2) )/1000;
negSD1[pos]  = VWAP[pos]-VWAP[pos]*( (workShiftBars*1.28/2) )/1000;
SD1pos[pos]  = VWAP[pos]+VWAP[pos]*( (workShiftBars*1.00/2) )/1000;
SD1neg[pos]  = VWAP[pos]-VWAP[pos]*( (workShiftBars*1.00/2) )/1000;

--- 帖子 #415 ---
v2v dynamic trading system: ... a Project Looking Glass

Volume Profile Range (VP-R tools):Just an adjustment on a few currency pair's horizontal volume bars
Regression Analysis ( RA )Fixed an object button not getting cleared  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

re-uploaded...
Get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #416 ---
v2v dynamic trading system: ... a Project Looking Glass Updated width management for both volume & candle bars, and linear lines.
─ on zoom-in/out
─ adding subwindow (max of two)
─ pending: timeframes auto width size adjustment.  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

re-uploaded...
Get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #417 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #418 ---
My custom CoT data report format ─ Week #13

https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...3#post12860453

--- 帖子 #419 ---
v2v dynamic trading system: ... a Project Looking Glass

Volume Profile Range (VP-R tools):Statistical: Mean, Deciles and Quantiles-Quartiles ─ Percentile has been added.

In statistics and probability quantiles are cut points dividing the range of a probability distribution into continuous intervals with equal probabilities, or dividing the observations in a sample in the same way. There is one fewer quantile than the number of groups created. Thus quartiles are the three cut points that will divide a dataset into four equal-sized groups. Common quantiles have special names: for instance quartile, decile (creating 10 groups: see below for more). The groups created are termed halves, thirds, quarters, etc., though sometimes the terms for the quantile are used for the groups created, rather than for the cut points.

A Quartile is a type of quantile which divides the number of data points into four more or less equal parts or quarters. The first quartile (Q1) is defined as the middle number between the smallest number and the median of the data set. It is also known as the lower quartile or the 25th empirical quartile and it marks where 25% of the data is below or to the left of it (if data is ordered on a timeline from smallest to largest).

The second quartile (Q2) is the median of a data set and 50% of the data lies below this point.

The third quartile (Q3) is the middle value between the median and the highest value of the data set. It is also known as the upper quartile or the 75th empirical quartile and 75% of the data lies below this point. Due to the fact that the data needs to be ordered from smallest to largest in order to compute quartiles, quartiles are a form of Order statistic.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
In descriptive statistics, the interquartile range (IQR), also called the midspread, middle 50%, or H‑spread, is a measure of statistical dispersion, being equal to the difference between 75th and 25th percentiles, or between upper and lower quartiles, IQR = Q3 − Q1. In other words, the IQR is the first quartile subtracted from the third quartile; these quartiles can be clearly seen on a box plot on theles; and they are denoted by Q1, Q2, and Q3, respectively.
The IQR of a set of values is calculated as the difference between the upper and lower quartiles, Q3 and Q1. Each quartile is a median calculated as follows. Given an even 2n or odd 2n+1 number of values.
first quartile Q1 = median of the n smallest values
third quartile Q3 = median of the n largest valuessecond quartile Q2 is the same as the ordinary median.
Attached Image     Attached Image (click to enlarge)

─source Wikipedia
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #420 ---
...EURUSD

--- 帖子 #421 ---
v2v dynamic trading system: ... a Project Looking Glass

Volume Profile Range (VP-R tools):

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

re-uploaded
Get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #422 ---
Quantiles...

[ Med ] ☛ Median : Median (Q2)

[ Qua ] ☛ Quartiles : Quartiles (Q1, Q2, Q3)

[ Dec ] ☛ Deciles : Deciles

[ Q70 ] ☛ 70%: 15% - 50% (Median) - 85% : 70% range between extreme quantiles

[ Q95 ] ☛ 95%: 2.5% - 50% (Median) - 97.5% : 95% range between extreme quantiles

[ Q99 ] ☛ 99%: 0.5% - 50% (Median) - 99.5% : 99% range between extreme quantiles

--- 帖子 #423 ---
v2v dynamic trading system: ... a Project Looking Glass

─ PIVOT FIB plus:  ADR midpoint has been added50th Percentile or Median midpoint for ADR
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

─ New templates

re-uploaded...
Get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #424 ---
v2v dynamic trading system: ... a Project Looking Glass

─ PIVOT FIB plusStatistical: Mean, Deciles and Quantiles-Quartiles has been added (session based).
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

─ New templates

Get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #425 ---
v2v dynamic trading system: ... a Project Looking Glass

─ PIVOT FIB plus: A new pivot was born... And this aside from the previously v2v created PVP & VWAP based pivot.Now, welcomes the 50th percentile or Quantile Median Pivot Fibs
Note: When switching from one pivot to another, the calculated dots method for high & low-level lines moves accordingly. If you are not familiar with the D.O.T.S. method, try to research about it using Google or YouTube. Restored previous default period parameter to 9 (minimum of 6) Improved execution process for faster quantile switches
─ Volume on Main Chart: Volume/Volatility dashboardAdded a corner location hidden switch
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #426 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #427 ---
Hi, v2vboni

Just to say - have you tried to estimate price reaction on these new levels, i mean, possibly, price reaction to be insufficient?

Best

D.P.

--- 帖子 #428 ---
Start observing these levels once it gained respect from price or after giving it some room to breathe in a VWAP-like type of observation. And then, in combination with a perceived exhaustion level(s) wherein price respecting the ADR or ATR range (...looking at lower or upper range values) inside VWAP channels (with inside shifted VWAP z-score levels). Then, come up with an estimation of price boundaries.

In Quartiles:Given that Q2 is the Median (50th percentile) Q1 (25% of the data is below) is the median of the lower half of Q2 And Q3 (75% of the data lies below this point) is the median of the upper half of Q2 With that... Now, start looking for inefficiency or inequality to come to the perceived price boundaries.

On the lower half:
If the Price is deviating down and away from the Q2 median (50th percentile) and lower than Q1, then look for possible inflection points, such as tick-volume clusters build-up at the previous or current session range and/or from the set range. Observe the price movement/behavior in touching the said levels as it moves with the current data.

On the upper half:
If the Price is deviating higher and away from the Q2 median (50th percentile) and higher than Q3, then look for possible inflection points, such as tick-volume clusters build-up at the previous or current session range and/or from the set range. Observe the price movement/behavior in touching the said levels as it moves with the current data.

Then... add an effective decision-making process such as a tried & tested technical analysis (e.g. price auction, accumulation/distribution, swing trading) and/or in a combination of fundamental/sentimental bias or whichever comes first.

I can't simply provide a viable trigger with this system which is designed towards more to the discretionary type of a trader.

--- 帖子 #429 ---
v2v dynamic trading system: ... a Project Looking Glass

─ PIVOT FIB plus: Added the 75th & 25th percentile Pivot Fibs for Quartiles ...and using it for ADR midpoint
─ Volume Profile: Data source (tick-data history): Using M5 data as default for M15, M30, H1, and H4 TF M30 data for D1, W1, MN1 and M1 data for M1 TF  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

re-uploaded...
Get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #430 ---
v2v dynamic trading system: ... a Project Looking Glass

PIVOT FIB plusSince the statistical Quantile integration, it affected the button's logical switches or behaviors. Now, this has been rectified.
Volume Profile ─ RangeRemoved the integration of the 3rd VP-R tool The button reset range: The action will now move the vertical line from & to (vpr & v2v) on a separate bar. Added volume bar directional position:  Left Outside [ <| ]  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #431 ---
v2v dynamic trading system: ... a Project Looking Glass

Volume Profile ─ RangeSince the addition of Left Outside directional position of volume bars...This directional configuration is now getting saved. Added extra tick/data horizon breach handling: A pop-up alert or terminal window message (a parameter on each VP-R )  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

re-uploaded...
Get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #432 ---
v2v dynamic trading system: ... a Project Looking Glass

Volume Profile ─ RangeSpeed improvement after removing a redundant function call... then I revert back the one time update of inside range VP-R Set default Quantile to Quartiles Pivot Fibs plusSet default Quantile to Quartiles Regression AnalysisNow a swappable range: From ─ To... and To ─ From
New templates

re-uploaded... fixed inside-range & fixed Pivot Fib plus Quntile button switch
Get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #433 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #434 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #435 ---
v2v dynamic trading system

a Project Looking Glass

This might be the final release ...for some time ; )─

Get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #436 ---
The most underrated tool within the v2v dynamic trading system is the Neural Network ─ T3 HMA-DSMA with Jurik filtering.

Part of the reason is that, just like the Volume Profile tool, Neural Network uses a lot of CPU resources or computing power on a trading platform, such as MT4. Also, with regards to usage. The majority of the users are simply looking for an easy or fast tool that spoonfed them with a Buy or Sell signal instantly. Hence, some shy away from using this kind of tool.

In these times, Neural Network is being used more recently in a lot of things in the fields of Science & Technology.

Anyhow, here is my CoT data customized report:
Week #14 (late sharing) >>> https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...2#post12879412

--- 帖子 #437 ---
v2v dynamic trading system: ... a Project Looking Glass

Artificial neural networks (ANN) are computing systems vaguely inspired by the biological neural networks that constitute animal brains. An ANN is based on a collection of connected units or nodes called artificial neurons, which loosely model the neurons in a biological brain.

Neural Network ─ Jurik & DSMA Filtered T3-HMA

This T3-NN is the most underrated tool within the v2v dynamic trading system. Since the science behind the Neural Network itself requires a lot of computing power to get process, Hence, some of the retail traders simply shy away from using this kind of tool.

In these times, an A.I. based Neural Network in the fields of Science & Technology has exponentially increased due to advanced computing power available. And more recently in the medical field wherein, they used Neural Network Artificial Intelligence to find post-infection treatment (Remdesivir) for COVID-19

Updates:Applied the MomenTicks algo Added DCP ( as default ) for the value of Future Bars Added data horizon value from the VP-R tool to generate the number of bars for Training Sets. Fused the work data source parameter based selection ala VP-R tool ( tick/volume data TF )  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

New templates

re-uploaded...
Get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #438 ---
My CoT data custom reports:  Week #15

https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...6#post12885446

--- 帖子 #439 ---
v2v dynamic trading system: ... a Project Looking Glass

PIVOT FIB plusFixed navigational button behavior
Neural Network ─ Jurik & DSMA Filtered T3-HMAParameter value updates and Training Sets & Epoch calculation  Ideal TF:  >= H4 New templates

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

re-uploaded...
Get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #440 ---
ouch!

Dear, v2vboni, may I expect the system being transferred to MT5?

Best

D.P.

P.S. I have some tools to suggest to be integrated into the system, but I'd rather to suggest them after MT5 integration?

P.P.S. Added some time later. What if these two profiles (as suggested at the picture) are fixed at the exact position and are still staying there while the chart is moving left, it might be an option?

--- 帖子 #441 ---
I already migrated some parts of the system (e.g. HA-APB, TDZ and v2v MomenTicks...) but one step at a time only ; )─

...a long way to go for MT5 based setup.  But quite strange, based on my initial/personal observation, this system runs better under MT4.

--- 帖子 #442 ---
I understand, there is the huge bunch of pieces of your work to transfer, that is why I am keeping silence.

As of the point of fixation of MP, I meant that these right edges of these two profiles are fixed at the same appropriate point. The left edges can be still changed at their positions.

Best

D.P.

--- 帖子 #443 ---
Thanks for this suggestion. I'll arrive on that eventually. I was thinking sort of exactly like that while I modified the execution process when vertical line guides are out of their respective position.

I am getting lazier as a coder, as this system is getting bigger and bigger. Anyhow once done with another modification or updates, there are another 1,000 lines of codes left to do

; )─

--- 帖子 #444 ---
The better thing could sometimes be worse than the good thing. So, one can stop making the good thing, as the making process is unstoppable itself ))) either.

Best

D.P.

--- 帖子 #445 ---
I think it is now the best time to update your market timings for PIVOT FIBS plus:

My settings: GMT +3
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Forex Fixing: GMT
Attached Image

Market 24 Clock Market Timings: visit this >>> site
Attached Image

--- 帖子 #446 ---
v2v dynamic trading system: ... a Project Looking Glass

Long & Short DSMAOptimized execution Parameter updates
Dominant Cycle PeriodAdded parameter based option to select the data source TF to use Improved execution process thru button and once a new bar appears
PIVOT FIBS plusOptimized process
Neural Network ─ Jurik & DSMA Filtered T3-HMAFixed double execution on the initial run
re-uploaded...
Get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #447 ---
Excerpts from a recent interview with the legendary trading psychology coach, Dr. Van K. Tharp.

Dr. Tharp: "...that's why it's a100% Psychology. Also, many of the core religions of the world say that our everyday experiences are illusions, Buddhism and Hinduism called it Maya. And even Jesus through a course of miracles basically says that our thoughts are illusions ─that what we see means nothing except the meaningly given. In fact, a course of miracles can be summarized by nothing real can hurt you, nothing unreal exists, meaning it is all illusion. Here in life a piece of God."

Dr. Tharp: ...And one of my favorite statements comes from Alfred Korzybski when he says... 'The map is not the territory'. Right now, I can totally explain why it's the case.

Interviewer: "Wow! So you're saying that what we experienced is not real but just an illusion? And that the Market is basically... not real?"

Dr. Tharp: "Exactly. And if you really understand that you'll become a trading genius"

────────────────
v2vboni: "This reminds me of the Matrix movie... A conversation between Neo and Morpheus.

Neo: "I don't like the idea that I'm not in control of my life. I thought it wasn't real"

Morpheus: "Your mind makes it real"

Morpheus: "...if real is what you can feel, smell, taste and see, then 'real' is simply electrical signals interpreted by your brain"
────────────────

Dr. Tharp: "Modern Science says... What's out there in the Universe is basically waves and particles. Waves are probability events for the particles. Hence, we are living in the world of vibrations. We have senses in the (human) body that can process the vibrations and translate them to something that we can understand"

Attached Image

--- 帖子 #448 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #449 ---
Today's market structure is almost 100% algorithmic. So, being in vision on how algos operate makes one as Neo.

Best

D.P.

--- 帖子 #450 ---
Just when it being the algorithmic.

So you are being the one you want

--- 帖子 #451 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #452 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #453 ---
v2v dynamic trading system: ... a Project Looking Glass

Long & Short DSMAApplied MomenTicks algo Updated MA colors
Volume Profile ─ Range Updated colors
Updated templates

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #454 ---
v2v dynamic trading system: ... a Project Looking Glass

Neural Network ─ Jurik & Deviation-Scaled Filtered T3-HMAUpdated button behavior Streamlined parameter options Long & Short ─ Deviation Scaled T3-HMA
─ Updated button behavior

Overall updates resulting in a more efficient execution process

Updated templates

re-attached...
Get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #455 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #456 ---
v2v dynamic trading system: ... a Project Looking Glass

Neural Network ─ Jurik & Deviation-Scaled Filtered T3-HMAUpdated button behavior/calculation: Now, a manual execution trigger  Using the DCP for future bars if DCP button tool is ON
PIVOT FIBS plus, VP-R, HA-APB, and Regression AnalysisStreamlined execution

Updated templates
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #457 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #458 ---
v2v dynamic trading system: ... a Project Looking Glass

For some tools/indicators there so-called a re-paint one. However, others simply coded such a tool to process new information. Come to think of it, the candle bars are doing the same thing.

It is natural for us humans to look for patterns after the fact, and then, we wait again to see if the stars are all aligned before pulling a trigger. Heck, we even see figures formed above our heads (cloud formation).

Anyhow, if you are naive and gullible enough, you may find the following tool, just another re-paint job, LoL ; )─ ...and that's okay.

Moving on, Below is the updated tool:

Short & Long Multiple Jurik & Deviation Scaled Filtered ─ T3-Hull MAAdded multiple options for process trigger
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #459 ---
Updates...

Short & Long Multiple Jurik & Deviation Scaled Filtered ─ T3-Hull MAAdded multiple options for process trigger (FIXED) Now using a global variable to store the chosen execution triggerButton text is coded with  the selected trigger (stored in a global variable):

NB      = New Bar Only

NBT    = New Bar and Timer

NBV    = New Bar and Volatility

NBTV  = New Bar, Timer and Volatility

TV      = Timer and Volatility

TONLY = Timer Only     Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #460 ---
Using the v2v dynamic trading system... and reading my CoT data custom report format >>> here (week #16)

By the way, it doesn't mean that the commitment was triggered last Tuesday or Wednesday of last week... Thus, be aware that it can either be that the speculators pulled-out or hold it off... or move on to the following week ahead

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #461 ---
Updates...

ReFlex by John F. Ehlers ─ Stocks & Commodities Magazine February 2020 : (more info >>> attached PDF)

"The reduction of lag is probably the most desirable characteristic of an indicator. That is because in trading, even if you get the right answer, it is of no value if the indication comes after the opportunity has passed. The new indicator I will present here is an averaging type of indicator. The averaging contributes to its stability, and the averaging is done in a novel way to produce zero lag. I named this new indicator “reflex” because I used to be an archer, and the creation of the indicator reminded me of a bow and arrow. Reflex is a kind of bow with a cool name." ─ John F. Ehlers

The background:
In “ReFlex: A New Zero-Lag Indicator” in this issue, author John Ehlers introduces a new averaging indicator that he has designed with reducing lag in mind. According to the author, this new indicator can be used to generate signals in a more timely manner than other lagging calculations. This is a continuation of his article and is the extended TrendFlex indicator (that differs from the "reflex") indicator.

It is a sort of momentum based indicator and should be used like that. The default setting is rather long - as usual, some experimenting with the parameters should be done before using it in trading decisions" ─Source: Based on the published MT5 initial TrendFlex coded version by mladen TDZ MomenTicksRSI & RSX based ReFlex
─ Jurik & DSMA filtered based RSI & RSX T3-HMA
─ using v2v execution trigger NBTV (on New Bar, Timer, and Volatility)
v2v MomenTicksTrendFlex MomenTicks
─ Jurik & DSMA filtered using the phase accumulation of MACD
─ using v2v execution trigger NBTV (on New Bar, Timer, and Volatility)
New templates  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached File(s)   Reflex_a_New_Zero_Lag_Indicator.pdf

639 KB
|
810 downloads

re-uploaded... (fixed v2v & TDZ MomenTicks)
Get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #462 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #463 ---
Fixed & Updates:

TDZ MomenTicks

─ Updated MTF button behavior
─ Fixed dynamic zone levels (ATR based bands)

v2v MomenTicksNow with TVI Stochastic, made for v2v dynamic trading system only Powered by MomenTicks algorithm Jurik & DSMA filtered Stochastic based T3-MA using Blau's Tick Volume Indicator (TVI) calculation  Using Dominant Cycle Period (DCP) value as an optional dynamic input Based on the “The Stochastic MACD Oscillator” of TASC Magazine, November 2019 issue, author Vitali Apirine And an initial version of Stochastic MACD for MT4 made by mladen  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>>here

--- 帖子 #464 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #465 ---
My custom CoT data report format >>> https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...1#post12916421

--- 帖子 #466 ---
Updates:

─ Default parameter value optimization inside process handling
─ Remove the Blau's TVI MomenTicks due to redundancy with TVI Stochastic MACD

re-uploaded...
Get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #467 ---
Updates:

TDZ MomenTicks
Now welcomes a counterpart of TVI Stochastic MACDRSI & RSX Stochastic
...and as usual, it has the same DNA of all other tools fused under TDZ MomenTicks  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

re-uploaded... (fixed TDZ button behavior)
Get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #468 ---
Update:

TDZ MomenTicksRSI & RSX Stochastic: Fixed calculation  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #469 ---
Need for Speed... updates

Fully implemented the NBTV update process (New Bar, Timer, and Volatility) to both TDZ & v2v MomenTicks NBTV process is activated while MTF Mode is OFF While MTF Mode is ON, the default process update is on New Bar only otherwise, update on still Open Bar.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

re-uploaded...
─ New default parameter value for v2v MomenTicks
─ New templates

Get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #470 ---
Update...

─ Code Optimizations

Get it all >>> here

--- 帖子 #471 ---
Updates: The v2v MomenTicks: Added a button state retention while on MTF mode. For now, only v2v MomenTicks tools have this update. Delete/Reset all Global Variables got updated with a targetted GVs created via v2v dynamic trading system Code optimization on some other tools. New templates with an updated parameter default value.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

re-uploaded... with minor adjustment between DCP & MTF button behavior
Get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #472 ---
Updates:Laguerre calculation adjusted for both v2v & TDZ MomenTicks Removed RSI & RSX Stochastic due to redundancy with RSI Laguerre under TDZ MomenTicks

Get it >>>here

--- 帖子 #473 ---
...code optimized: v2v & TDZ MomenTicks

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

re-uploaded: ...The final release for the time being
Get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #474 ---
Hi v2vboni,

Would it be possible to change the 'A' to show the Stoch (8,3,3)(14,3,3) as an options in your TMS Angleator with red indi?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #475 ---
...not sure if I still have this one in my library. But I was planning to refurbish this under v2v structure sometime soon  ; )─  I hope

--- 帖子 #476 ---
Updates:

─ Both v2v & TDZ MomenTicks is using ATR (hard-coded M5 tick-data) with Z-score based calculation. But v2v MomenTicks is using DCP for overall Period calculation.
─ VP-R tools got adjusted (in the calculation) and with its existing parameter selection of the ATR time frame (for tick-data).
─ New templates with an updated parameter default value.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

re-uploaded...
Get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #477 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

TDZ MomenTicks: Selection Z-score parameter fixed.

--- 帖子 #478 ---
My CoT data custom report format:  Week #18

https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...6#post12930066

--- 帖子 #479 ---
Updates...

VP-R tools
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #480 ---
Update

PivotFIBS PlusSession TF button behavior update  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #481 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #482 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #483 ---
Hi, v2vboni

I have got an option into your wait list.

At the picture you can see the ancor of the VWAP and the delimiter of a week.

The idea is to automize the ancor switching into a new position each time a week ends.

The new position of the ancor should become the monday open for the next week.

For both of the momenticks' VWAPs such ancors should be switchable, say, one can set up at 8 weeks lag for the long-time ancor, the other ancor can be set up at 2 weeks lag for the short-time. That is why both ancors can be automatically replaced to new positions each time the week ends.

Best

D.P.

--- 帖子 #484 ---
Updates:  Neural Network

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> here ─ with new templates

--- 帖子 #485 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #486 ---
My custom CoT data report format:  Week #19 >>> https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...1#post12945121

--- 帖子 #487 ---
Just a minor fixed for PivotFIBS Plus Showing in Points instead of Pip value. Such as with Gold instrument
Attached Image
Get it » » » here

--- 帖子 #488 ---
My custom CoT data report format: Week #20 >>> https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...4#post12959534

--- 帖子 #489 ---
Adjusted the v2v & TDZ MomenTicks for some...CFD instruments (e.g. SPX, DAX, etc...) Same with Forex pairs... this must be done with CFDs before anything else.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it » » » here

--- 帖子 #490 ---
Hi, v2vbony

I am using the system on Brent (Brn) Oil (the picture is attached). So, I seem to find some issues to check.

1/ The neural net is magenta; it seems to be malfunctioning.

2/ I have found that ATR parameters completely depend on Z-score now. So I have to set the parameters myself now. Where is the previous ATR mode?

3/ I have no indicators in the bottom of a chart, if the new TPL is used. Is it right?

4/ Can you give my exactly that set up (parameters) you use at the picture above (for SP500)?

Be kind answering

Best

D.P.

--- 帖子 #491 ---
Thanks for the feedback!Previously it was not mentioned that there was a hard-coded 2.58 (99%) z-score value in the calculation of Period for some tools within the system. Now, still using it but as a parameter value with a default value of 1.96 (95%) z-score, but with added dynamic calculation of ATR & Period values when DCP is ON: Period = DCP value with z-score and ATR value... While ATR1 & ATR2 is calculated dynamically with z-score and DCP value. if DCP is OFF: Period = 9 minimum either DCP is ON/OFF... While ATR1 = 9 & ATR2 = 27.

The ATR1 & ATR2 is part of the calculation to get the final ATR value.

With Neural Network, thanks for reporting this issue. There's a bug in the calculation of Period dynamically with DCP ON or OFF. It got fixed and will be shared after this post.

The parameter used for SPX: VP-R = Monthly AR using M5 range TF with a multiplier of 12 (Anchored VP-R it is 9).

--- 帖子 #492 ---
Adjusted and/or fixed the calculation for Period and ATR values for the Neural Network, VP-R, and v2v MomenTicks

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

re-uploaded (adjusted Neural Network)
Get it » » » here

--- 帖子 #493 ---
─ Adjusted and/or fixed the bug due to recent updates of v2v MomenTicks >>> TrendFlex ─Period adjustment only
─ Adjusted VP-R tools  for some CFDs

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

re-uploaded...
Get it » » » here

--- 帖子 #494 ---
A suggestion to your issue list )

1. to add Z-score to the RSI legacy indicator

2. RA1/RA2/RA3/ and OFF

Best

D.P.

1/ Neural net is stalled since yesterday. Please take a notice

2/ VHF at RSI. What is it? Almost no reaction when pressed.

P.S. Great stuff

--- 帖子 #495 ---
✔ Vertical Horizontal Filter (VHF)
Vertical Horizontal Filter (VHF) was created by Adam White to identify trending and ranging markets. VHF measures the level of trend activity, similar to ADX in the Directional Movement System. Trend indicators can then be employed in trending markets and momentum indicators in ranging markets.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
The VHF feature of the TDZ works ONLY when MTF mode is OFF VHF description and other features are added again at post#1. TDZ or RSI based tools use the Z-score calculation.. but ONLY for the dynamic zone bands (top-mid-bottom). This is intentional to provide a sort of variance for the entire v2v dynamic trading system. Neural Network is intended to stall (applied just recently) and it can be run or re-run ONLY with its trigger button. Why? Running it periodically (in a set amount of minutes) or every new bar would be heavy for the system to run and wait. The MT4 platform is still NOT supporting the multi-threading process. Thus, the tools are executed in FIFO. Personally, the stalled Neural Network output is much better as I can see what is shown to me after some time and compare to the current price movement since then <─ A sort of way to gauge the consistency of the Neural Network output. Regression Analysis... an OFF option can be added.

--- 帖子 #496 ---
v2v dynamic trading system ...just got optimized

...updated HA-APB is now with recursive HA parameter ─> default depth is x3 and x1 is for Classic HA.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

...and new templates

re-uploaded... additional parameter has been added for HA-APB: recursive HA
Get it » » » here

--- 帖子 #497 ---
v2v dynamic trading system

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get the updated release » » » here

--- 帖子 #498 ---
v2v dynamic trading system Optimized the following toolsHA-APB VP-R tools DCP Short & Long DSMA Neural Network v2v & TDZ MomenTicks  (re-adjusted the recursive calculation due to previous updates)

New templates Get the updated release » » » here

--- 帖子 #499 ---
...music to listen to while trading ; )─  on selling mode or in short bias

Inserted Video

--- 帖子 #500 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #501 ---
PM me (if possible), why are you expecting for VWAP to be broken backwards? Curious!

Best

D.P.

P.S. your expectations have given me some thoughts

--- 帖子 #502 ---
In my point of view... technically the current price level is sitting around weak highs and with enough room (average range) to move up before a retracement move.

--- 帖子 #503 ---
...here it goes... or I wait/sleep it out how it goes by the end of the week session or up to next Monday or Tuesday session

Noticed that anchored VWAP (green) updates with new information (compared it with previous post above)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #504 ---
My CoT data custom report format: Week #21

https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...3#post12972643

--- 帖子 #505 ---
v2v dynamic trading system Updated the following tools in-sync with VP-R global data source selection (fixed: when switching from monthly directly to lower TF)DCP v2v & TDZ MomenTicks   Attached Image (click to enlarge)

re-uploaded... (VP-R tool recompiled)
Get the updated release » » » here

--- 帖子 #506 ---
Beware to all coders... and traders. Some fraudsters are selling FREE tools.

The v2v dynamic trading system is shared for FREE and NOT for Sale

--- 帖子 #507 ---
On the chart below, I'm actually looking at the viability of retracement or reversal (higher or lower time frame) using the statistical quantiles as ADR midpoint. Such as P75 (midpoint of higher range) or P25 (midpoint of lower range)

The example below is for P75 as ADR midpoint for range high.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

You may check and see if the P25 midpoint viability for ADR range for USD/CAD, and with the same setup above.

re-uploaded...
Get the updated release » » » here

--- 帖子 #508 ---
Updates:Regression Analysis (trend channel): OFF as default VP-R Tools default parameter changed and enabled additional session TF to use Over-all Zscore default parameter value is 1.645  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

re-uploaded... adjusted ADR calculation under PIVOT FIBS plus
Get the updated release » » » here

--- 帖子 #509 ---
I dedicate this to everyone who has lost a loved one due to COVID-19...

Inserted Video

--- 帖子 #510 ---
Updates:VP-R tools: Now with Average Range & Average True Range button switch ─ on VWAP (shifted) PIVOT FIBS plus: Fixed initial (first-time) Period separation loading (default H4) New templates  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get the updated release » » » here

--- 帖子 #511 ---
My CoT data custom report format: Week #22

https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...8#post12988308

--- 帖子 #512 ---
Updates:v2v MomenTicks: The return of Synthetic VIX Ratioimproved calculation  The Synthetic VIX indicator is based on Larry Williams' TASC article "Fix the VIX":

When it comes to describing what markets do, Bernard Baruch said it best: "Markets fluctuate."

That idea is embodied in the Chicago Board Options Exchange (CBOE) Volatility Index (VIX), which has become a very popular measure of market risk since it was introduced in 1993. The VIX, which is derived from the implied volatility of stock index options, is intended to represent traders' expectations of volatility over the next 30 days.

Essentially, the VIX reflects investor fear — high readings are associated with high-volatility conditions (and market bottoms) while low readings are associated with low-volatility conditions (and market tops).

Unfortunately, the VIX is calculated only for the S&P 500 Index, NASDAQ Composite Index, and the Dow Jones Industrial Average. What about other markets?

Luckily, it is easy to duplicate the VIX for any market — Treasury bonds, gold, silver, soybeans, even individual stocks — with a simple formula.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Note:  TrendFlex and Synthetic VIX Ratio is not using DCP value (if DCP is ON)

Get the updated release » » » here

--- 帖子 #513 ---
Updates:VP-R tools: vertical line relocation from higher time direct switch to lower time frame:  (previousTF >= W1 and  currentTF <= H1) and delete global variables (reset value)  v2v MomenTicks:  TrendFlex & Synthetic VIX period value to 4  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get the updated release » » » here

--- 帖子 #514 ---
Updates:VP-R tools: updated default parameter value, and added a dependency from the following...regression analysis' statistical z-score value due to the previous update... Fixed: the vertical-horizontal carrier line reset to bar 0 on parameter change.
v2v MomenTicks: new/updated default parameter value & optional if using DCP value for period calculation following...using the statistical z-score static value of 1.28 (for added variance) dependency from VP-R tool's work data source time frame (Laguerre & TVI Stochastic)
TDZ: new/updated parameter value, and added a dependency from the following...regression analysis' statistical z-score value, and VP-R tool's work data source time frame
v2v RA: new/updated parameter value

Neural Network: new/updated parameter valueusing the statistical z-score static value of 1.28 work data source time frame: static value M5
...updated templates

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

re-uploaded: Neural Network updates & v2v MomenTicks
Get the updated release » » » here

--- 帖子 #515 ---
Updates:v2v MomenTicks: Synthetic VIX (inverted)an updated calculation for inverted setup  v2v RA:an option to show only the mid-channel line (gold color)  Neural Network: new/updated parameters
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get the updated release » » » here

--- 帖子 #516 ---
Hi, v2vboni

Would you please to add Qua for Q99, Q99,9 and Q99,99 to look at the more appropriate case, matching the price?

Best

D.P.

--- 帖子 #517 ---
hmmm... I'll check the existing codes and see.  Thanks.

--- 帖子 #518 ---
Updates:VP-R-tools:Added Standard VWAP (as default) Now, the optional VWAP type is T3 MA-based VWAP fixed work data source set time frame after a parameter change
v2v RA:code optimization
Pivot FIBS plus:adjusted accordingly with VP-R tools update fixed Pivot or midpoint getting cleared (on parameter change)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

re-uploaded (again) : Updated shifted VWAP calculation (both Standard VWAP and T3 VWAP)

...VP-R tools' (session TF to use: H4, D1, W1, MN1) and Regression Analysis channel default to show mid-line only

Get the updated release » » » here

--- 帖子 #519 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #520 ---
Updates:TDZ: for dynamic bandsa new parameter (session TF multiplier) updated session TF parameter
v2v RA:updated default parameter

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

re-uploaded... v2v MomenTicks & Neural Network optimization
Get the updated release » » » here

--- 帖子 #521 ---
The New Normal... updates:

Volume Profile ─ Range ToolsAdded a button for switching instantly from Standard VWAP (default) to T3 MA-based VWAP  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

With new templates and some code optimizations to the following tools:
─ v2v & TDZ MomenTitks,
─ Neural Network
─ Long & Short DSMA
─ Regression Analysis

re-uploaded...again
Get the updated release <<< here >>>

--- 帖子 #522 ---
Updated release:

...code optimizations

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #523 ---
...updates: Volume Profile ─ Range Tools: optimized TF switching for vertical line guides v2v & TDZ MomenTicks: Synthetic VIX ─ custom adjustment with z-score value  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

re-uploaded:
Get the updated release <<< here >>>

--- 帖子 #524 ---
Many Great Achievements

But

AG/USD looks beautiful ))) Reactions to the buttons marked.

Best

D.P.

--- 帖子 #525 ---
It seems to be due to price-gap handling ( adaptive algorithm might fix this one ─ which I will upload after this post-reply )

...maybe due to inconsistencies with the data. You may need to download the tick-volume data for M1, M5, M15, and M30 TF )

--- 帖子 #526 ---
Updates:

VP-R toolsApplied adaptive calculation for For T3 Hull MA type of VWAP or MVWAP Neural NetworkApplied adaptive calculation T3 based Hull MA HA-APBFixed small issue with the price high bands
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

re-uploaded... again!
Get the updated release <<< here >>>

--- 帖子 #527 ---
The final release of the day...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get the updated release <<< here >>>

--- 帖子 #528 ---
...simply amazing

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #529 ---
Price GAP... Adaptive calculation update... .improved handlingVP-R tools Neural Network  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get the updated release <<< here >>>

--- 帖子 #530 ---
Optimized release... v2v dynamic trading system

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get the updated release <<< here >>>

--- 帖子 #531 ---
Yes, you sort of sizing it to the corresponding volume profile structure. With regards to Pivot Fibs plus, at this point... nothing much I can do bout that. You can only adjust the session timeframe in 30-minute and in 1-hour based start time (or broker/server start time) based on the tool required parameter setup (NY, London, Tokyo... etc). It is the same for all PIVOT tools that I have seen so far.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

If about the starting point of the VWAP & MVWAP, I based it on Dr. Paul Levine Lectures (R.I.P.) you need to have a starting point for the VWAP calculation (e.g. VWAP= (High+Low)/2 ...at the start of the day or plotted starting point, we need to put initial values ) <<< the resulting starting point, may be aligned with the vertical line guide or one tick/bar forward.

--- 帖子 #532 ---
Adaptive calculation applied to v2vMomenTicks
...with non-lag HMA (the same as MVWAP on VP-R tools)Laguerre (conditional) TVI Stochastic Synthetic VIX ...updates: added new/default parameters, and new templates

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get the updated release <<< here >>>

--- 帖子 #533 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #534 ---
Removed Synthetic VIX from v2vMomenTicks

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get the updated release <<< here >>>

--- 帖子 #535 ---
Much more interesting found

source - https://www.calculator.net/z-score-calculator.html

Another thought to have just enlighted me is to make the different Z-score settings for those two VP-R_Momentics VWAP profiles (as you made two buttons were for ATR and AR). The different ranges need the different Z-scores limitations!

Best

D.P.

--- 帖子 #536 ---
Thanks for the suggestion...

I am getting there, but not quite due to time/focus constraints while trading/coding and a bunch of personal stuff to deal with.

--- 帖子 #537 ---
v2v dynamic trading system: Adaptive optimizations for TDZ, VP-R, Neural Network, and v2v MomenTicks

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

re-uploaded... with new templates and default parameters
Get the updated release <<< here >>>

--- 帖子 #538 ---
v2v dynamic trading system: Adaptive optimizations for Short & Long DSMA, Neural Network, TDZ & v2v MomenTicks, and VP-R tools

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

...with new templates and default parameters
Get the updated release <<< here >>>

--- 帖子 #539 ---
v2v dynamic trading system: ...All MA-based tools/indicators are now..FULLY..Adaptive

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

v2v RA: ...while on "RA3" button state: Added auto-switch action behavior (if DCP ON/OFF)
Get the updated release <<< here >>>

--- 帖子 #540 ---
Updates:Optimize TDZ Laguerre, RSI, and Reflex ...and minuscule update to PIVOT FIBS plus and v2v MomenTicks  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get the updated release <<< here >>>

--- 帖子 #541 ---
The final release for today...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get the updated release <<< here >>>

--- 帖子 #542 ---
After significant thorough testing...

The following tools/indicators' features & functions have been added and /or re-coded.v2v MomenTicksBlau's TVI TVI Laguerre RMA phase accumulation of MACD Spearman Rank Correlation
TDZoptimized and added Period parameter (default 9, min 9 ─ if DCP is OFF) and auto-Period calculation (max 15 periods) applied MTF mode fixed
PIVOT FIBS plusnavigational (switching/loading) got adjusted.

The rest of the tools got optimized. New templates and parameters  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

re-uploaded...  once again
Get the updated release <<< here >>>

--- 帖子 #543 ---
Get the updated release <<< here >>>

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #544 ---
v2vtop correlation

The correlation coefficient highlights the similarity of the movements between the two parties.If the correlation is high (above 80) and positive then the currencies move in the same way. If the correlation is high (above 80) and negative then the currencies move oppositely. If the correlation is low (below 60) then the currencies don't move in the same way. ─ A more improved run-time or on-load, timed-run and new bar execution handling
─ Assigned clickable/trigger masked areas for switching input parameter
─ Stand-alone version... but eventually, this tool will be fused with the v2v dynamic trading system

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

─ Some minor adjustment with the TDZ tool
─ New templates

...v2v dynamic trading system
Get the updated release <<< here >>>

--- 帖子 #545 ---
v2vdynamic .trading system

v2v top correlationtimed-run execution got adjusted while on the M1 time frame parameter value limit (max & min) adjustment v2v & TDZ MomenTickstimed-run execution got adjusted while on the M1 time frame MTF mode optimization ─ New templates

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get the updated release <<< here >>>

--- 帖子 #546 ---
My custom CoT data report format (Week no. 25)

https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...8#post13030618

--- 帖子 #547 ---
v2vdynamic .trading system

v2v top correlationadded symbol overlay PIVOTS FIBS plusremoved button objects when detached from the chart.  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

re-attached...
Get the updated release <<< here >>>

--- 帖子 #548 ---
v2vdynamic .trading system

v2v top correlationadded session handling for pairs/instruments selected fixed some minor issues  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get the updated release <<< here >>>

--- 帖子 #549 ---
v2v.dynamic .trading system

v2v. top correlation .v1.21added symbol changer (upon double click) fixed some minor issues ─ new templates and optimized v2v & tdz momenticks
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get the updated release >>> here

--- 帖子 #550 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #551 ---
v2v.dynamic .trading system

v2v. top correlation .v1.23Optimized symbol changer (one-click) as Top-Correlation based symbol switcher Reconfigured hidden masked clickable areas Fixed some bugs and silently capture suspected tick-data inconsistencies.  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The configured pairs/instruments for correlations:

EURUSD,GBPUSD,AUDUSD,NZDUSD,EURGBP,AUDJPY,AUDCAD,EURCAD,XTIUSD,UKOIL,US500,US30

GBPJPY,GBPNZD,GBPAUD,GBPCAD,NZDCAD,EURAUD,EURNZD,AUDNZD,JPN225,GER30,UK100,FRA40

USDCAD,USDCHF,USDMXN,USDNOK,EURNOK,EURJPY,NZDJPY,USDJPY,CADJPY,CHFJPY,USDSGD,AUS200

XAUUSD,XAGUSD,XPTUSD,XPDUSD,USDTRY,USDCNH,USDHKD,,EUSTX50,ES35,NAS100,HK50,CHINA50

Attached Image

─ with new templates and default parameter values

re-uploaded...

...with overlay (+/─) correlated symbol, value, and average
...masked clickable areas for switching behaviorsswap chart main symbol with active overlay correlated pair/instrument.. and then load the session stored sets of time frame, and verify if the previous main symbol is a top correlated pair/instrument with the equivalent sets of TFs. select correlated pairs/instruments cycle through correlation TF sets cycle through the set of correlation coefficient limits Get the updated release >>> here <<<

--- 帖子 #552 ---
v2v dynamic trading system:

Fixes the following tools:v2v MomenTicks ─ affected the MTF mode since the last update (fixed) v2v top correlation ─ fixed on-chart click anywhere and trigger the next TF sets instead of acting only upon clicking the assigned clickable area.  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get the updated release >>> here <<<

--- 帖子 #553 ---
Just would like to thank you v2vboni for your time and effort to share all your hard work . It is very much appreciated.

--- 帖子 #554 ---
v2vdynamic..trading system:

Updated v2v top correlation v1.29optimized... ; )─
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get the updated release >>> here <<<

--- 帖子 #555 ---
v2vdynamic..trading system:

Pivot Fibs plusadded market session range ─ an 8-hour average range (in pips)
...during the update process, I noticed that the existing previous market session range low was one bar off. Hence, it got fixed in this update. updated parameter defaults v2v top correlation v1.30 ..(stand-alone release)added "H4 - D1 - W1" TFs set updated parameter defaults correlated instruments/pairs used with this tool:

EURUSD,GBPUSD,AUDUSD,NZDUSD,EURGBP,AUDJPY,AUDCAD,EURCAD,XTIUSD,UKOIL,US500,US30

GBPJPY,GBPNZD,GBPAUD,GBPCAD,NZDCAD,EURAUD,EURNZD,AUDNZD,JPN225,GER30,UK100,FRA40

USDCAD,USDCHF,USDMXN,USDNOK,EURNOK,USDCNH,USDSGD,EURJPY,NZDJPY,USDJPY,CADJPY,CHFJPY

XAUUSD,XAGUSD,XPTUSD,XPDUSD,USDSEK,USDHKD,AUDCHF,NZDCHF,CADCHF,AUS200,NAS100,HK50 ...new templates

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

...re-uploaded
Get the updated release <<< here >>>

--- 帖子 #556 ---
My custom CoT data (table) format: Week #26 >>> https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...6#post13044816

--- 帖子 #557 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #558 ---
v2v .dynamic .trading system .─.for .MT4 platform

A Project Looking Glass ...with Tesla footprints inside

The v2v dynamic trading system is not the usual thing out there. It doesn't have any arrows or trigger alerts for a buy or sell signal. For such, it needs critical thinking of the One in between the keyboard and a chair. Yes, that is you.

This system is designed for a discretionary type of trader. Thus, it may only help you to manage your trades or position your positions. And it requires the One's due diligence to understand or to know more about this system.

☢ There are no guarantees that all the tools/indicators within the system work perfectly or without error(s). Hence, use at your own risk; I accept no liability for system damage, financial losses, and even loss of life. ; )─

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

...re-uploaded: Improved CFD instruments handling
Get the updated release <<< herein >>>

--- 帖子 #559 ---
Average Range: Pivot Fibs plusAverage Daily Range (...on the attached chart ─ shows the current day range since... e.g. broker, asian session, london and new york opening time)Note: All non-Session open is based on the Average Daily Range (ADR)
Average Session Range  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

v2v top correlation

Used pairs/instruments:

EURUSD,GBPUSD,AUDUSD,NZDUSD,USDCAD,EURCAD,AUDCAD,NZDCAD,GBPCAD,GBPNZD,EURNZD,AUDNZD,USDJPY,GBPJPY,EURJPY,AUDJPY,NZDJPY,CADJPY,CHFJPY,USDCHF,AUDCHF,CADCHF,NZDCHF,EURGBP,USDNOK,EURNOK,EURAUD,GBPAUD,USDMXN,USDCNH,USDHKD,USDSGD,USDSEK,XAUUSD,XAGUSD,XPTUSD,XTIUSD,XPDUSD,UKOIL,US500,US30,JPN225,GER30,UK100,AUS200,NAS100,FRA40,HK50

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get the updated release <<< herein >>>

--- 帖子 #560 ---
v2v .dynamic .trading system .─ .for .MT4 platform

A Project Looking Glass ...with Tesla footprints inside

The v2v dynamic trading system is not the usual thing out there. It doesn't have any arrows or trigger alerts for a buy or sell signal. For such, it needs critical thinking of the One in between the keyboard and a chair. Yes, that is you.

This system is designed for a discretionary type of trader. Thus, it may only help you to manage your trades or position your positions. And it requires the One's due diligence to understand or to know more about this system.

☢ There are no guarantees that all the tools/indicators within the system work perfectly or without error(s). Hence, use at your own risk; I accept no liability for system damage, financial losses, and even loss of life. ; )─

UPDATES: PIVOT FIB plus tool:.ADR (Average Daily Range - a 24-hour session length) and ASR (Average Session Range - an 8-hour session length) button switch and code optimization. v2v top correlation: .Session handler has been added to change the switching behavior between the main symbol and overlay symbol (vice-versa) VP-R tools: .Code optimization done with

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

...re-uploaded
Get the updated release <<< herein >>>

--- 帖子 #561 ---
UPDATES:Improved CFDs pair/instrument handling: _PIVOT FIB plus with Trading Session Range tool _─ Average Session Range (ASR)
...and If no stored session found... it will load the ADR as default instead of ASR
Correlations:_Updates the numerical assigned value of the following instruments/pairs used by v2v top correlation
EURUSD,GBPUSD,EURGBP,AUDUSD,NZDUSD,USDJPY,GBPJPY,EURJPY,AUDJPY,NZDJPY,CADJPY,CHFJPY,USDCAD,EURCAD,AUDCAD,NZDCAD,GBPCAD,
USDCHF,CADCHF,AUDCHF,NZDCHF,XAUUSD,XAGUSD,XTIUSD,XNGUSD,XPTUSD,XPDUSD,EURAUD,GBPAUD,GBPNZD,EURNZD,AUDNZD,USDMXN,USDCNH,
USDHKD,USDSGD,USDSEK,USDNOK,EURNOK,GBPNOK,US500,US30,NAS100,JPN225,GER30,UK100,UKOIL,AUS200,FRA40
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

...just in case you missed this parameter-infused hidden trigger areas
Attached Image

...re-uploaded
Get the updated release <<< herein >>>

--- 帖子 #562 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #563 ---
v2v.dynamic .trading system .─ .for .MT4 platform

A Project Looking Glass ...with Tesla footprints inside

The v2v dynamic trading system is not the usual thing out there. It doesn't have any arrows or trigger alerts for a buy or sell signal. For such, it needs critical thinking of the One in between the keyboard and a chair. Yes, that is you.

This system is designed for a discretionary type of trader. Thus, it may only help you to manage your trades or position your positions. And it requires the One's due diligence to understand or to know more about this system.

☢ There are no guarantees that all the tools/indicators within the system work perfectly or without error(s). Hence, use at your own risk; I accept no liability for system damage, financial losses, and even loss of life. ; )─

UPDATES:PIVOT FIB plus tool:.Some modifications in handling work length auto adjustment with not enough tick-data to process for periods. And adjusted the ASR range value high-mid-low range value. v2v top correlation & Trade Session Range:.Minor adjustment only ...and speed improvement  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Again, just a reminder... this is a must thing to do before using this system. It needs instruments/pairs to have a much deeper tick-data horizon history to work on.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

re-uploaded... again
Get the updated release <<< herein >>>

--- 帖子 #564 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #565 ---
...v2v dynamic system for MT4 platform

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #566 ---
v2v dynamic trading system... optimized

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

re-uploaded...
Get the updated release <<< herein >>>

--- 帖子 #567 ---
v2v Power ─ experimental only

Used instruments/pairs:

NZDCAD,NZDCHF,NZDJPY,EURNZD,AUDNZD,EURAUD,AUDCAD,GBPAUD,AUDCHF,AUDJPY,EURGBP,

GBPCAD,GBPCHF,GBPJPY,EURCAD,EURCHF,EURJPY,CADCHF,CADJPY,JPN225,EURUSD,GBPUSD,

AUDUSD,NZDUSD,USDCHF,USDJPY,USDCAD,USDCNH,USDMXN,USDNOK,EURNOK,GBPNOK,USDSEK,

EURSEK,GBPSEK,XAUUSD,XAGUSD,XPDUSD,XPTUSD,XTIUSD,UKOIL,XNGUSD

Attached Image

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image

Get the updated release <<< herein >>>

--- 帖子 #568 ---
v2vPower...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

re-uploaded...
Get the updated release <<< here >>>

--- 帖子 #569 ---
v2v Power...

Attached Image
...except M1 TF

re-uploaded... removed dev. print logs
Get the updated release <<< here >>>

--- 帖子 #570 ---
v2v dynamic trading system .─.for .MT4 platform

A Project Looking Glass ...with Tesla footprints inside

The v2v dynamic trading system is not the usual thing out there. It doesn't have any arrows or trigger alerts for a buy or sell signal. For such, it needs critical thinking of the One in between the keyboard and a chair. Yes, that is you.

This system is designed for a discretionary type of trader. Thus, it may only help you to manage your trades or position your positions. And it requires the One's due diligence to understand or to know more about this system.

☢ There are no guarantees that all the tools/indicators within the system work perfectly or without error(s). Hence, use at your own risk; I accept no liability for system damage, financial losses, and even loss of life. ; )─

UPDATES:v2v PowerApplied auto-focus feature for the active pair or instrument by changing font type & color Font & Label color   New templates  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get the updated release <<< here >>>

--- 帖子 #571 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

re-uploaded...
Get the updated release <<< here >>>

--- 帖子 #572 ---
...

--- 帖子 #573 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

...got optimized
Get the updated release <<< here >>>

--- 帖子 #574 ---
v2v dynamic trading system .─.for .MT4 platform

A Project Looking Glass ...with Tesla footprints inside

The v2v dynamic trading system is not the usual thing out there. It doesn't have any arrows or trigger alerts for a buy or sell signal. For such, it needs critical thinking of the One in between the keyboard and a chair. Yes, that is you.

This system is designed for a discretionary type of trader. Thus, it may only help you to manage your trades or position your positions. And it requires the One's due diligence to understand or to know more about this system.

☢ There are no guarantees that all the tools/indicators within the system work perfectly or without error(s). Hence, use at your own risk; I accept no liability for system damage, financial losses, and even loss of life. ; )─

UPDATES:PIVOT FIBS plus and Trade Session Range tool:ADR = Average Daily Range ASR = Average Session Range ASS = Average Session Spread c.DR = current Daily Range (current day ─ 24-hour Range) p.DR = previous Daily Range (previous day ─ 24-hour Range) c.SR = current Session Range(current session range : e.g. London open ─ 8-hour Range) c.SS = current Session Spread (current session spread (high - low): e.g. Broker open ─ 8-hour Range)
ASS is an 8-hour session spread... based on average N of days (e.g. N = 9-day as default)  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

re-uploaded... (A.S.S. high & low range adjustment: ASS value * zscore of 1.65)
Get the updated release <<< here >>>

--- 帖子 #575 ---
I experienced racism outside my home country, and believe me... You don't have to be black or in America to feel this pain... #BlackLivesMatter

--- 帖子 #576 ---
v2v dynamic trading system .─.for .MT4 platform

A Project Looking Glass ...with Tesla footprints inside

The v2v dynamic trading system is not the usual thing out there. It doesn't have any arrows or trigger alerts for a buy or sell signal. For such, it needs critical thinking of the One in between the keyboard and a chair. Yes, that is you.

This system is designed for a discretionary type of trader. Thus, it may only help you to manage your trades or position your positions. And it requires the One's due diligence to understand or to know more about this system.

☢ There are no guarantees that all the tools/indicators within the system work perfectly or without error(s). Hence, use at your own risk; I accept no liability for system damage, financial losses, and even loss of life. ; )─

UPDATES:v2v Power: Added "MXN" ─ Mexican Peso New templates Compiled to latest MT4 build 1280 (re-uploaded)
Get the updated release <<< here >>>

--- 帖子 #577 ---
v2v dynamic trading system .─.for .MT4 platform

A Project Looking Glass ...with Tesla footprints inside

The v2v dynamic trading system is not the usual thing out there. It doesn't have any arrows or trigger alerts for a long/buy or short/sell signal. For such, it needs critical thinking of the One in between the keyboard and a chair. Yes, that is you.

This system is designed for a discretionary type of trader. Thus, it may only help you to manage your trades or position your positions. And it requires the One's due diligence to understand or to know more about this system.

☢ There are no guarantees that all the tools/indicators within the system work perfectly or without error(s). Hence, use at your own risk; I accept no liability for system damage, financial losses, and even loss of life. ; )─

UPDATES:v2v Power: added background-color parameter (fixed) New templates  Attached Image
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

re-uploaded
Get the updated release <<< here >>>

--- 帖子 #578 ---
Trading Volume Profile, Market Profile with Auction Market Theory
Inserted Video

Volume and Volume Profile in Forex Trading - Is it Worth it?
Inserted Video

Market Profile Guide to Day Types, Opening types, Single Prints, Poor High/Low
Inserted Video

--- 帖子 #579 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #580 ---
v2v dynamic trading system .─.for .MT4 platform

A Project Looking Glass ...with Tesla footprints inside

The v2v dynamic trading system is not the usual thing out there. It doesn't have any arrows or trigger alerts for a long/buy or short/sell signal. For such, it needs critical thinking of the One in between the keyboard and a chair. Yes, that is you.

This system is designed for a discretionary type of trader. Thus, it may only help you to manage your trades or position your positions. And it requires the One's due diligence to understand or to know more about this system.

☢ There are no guarantees that all the tools/indicators within the system work perfectly or without error(s). Hence, use at your own risk; I accept no liability for system damage, financial losses, and even loss of life. ; )─

UPDATES:v2v Power:

─ Added a USD power value ─ conditional indicator feature. Please see the attached chart below for more info.

─ Currency list: re-ordered New templates  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get the updated release <<< here >>>

--- 帖子 #581 ---
EUR/USD:  H1 TF  |  H4 MTF
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #582 ---
v2v dynamic trading system .─.for .MT4 platform

A Project Looking Glass ...with Tesla footprints inside

The v2v dynamic trading system is not the usual thing out there. It doesn't have any arrows or trigger alerts for a long/buy or short/sell signal. For such, it needs critical thinking of the One in between the keyboard and a chair. Yes, that is you.

This system is designed for a discretionary type of trader. Thus, it may only help you to manage your trades or position your positions. And it requires the One's due diligence to understand or to know more about this system.
☢ There are no guarantees that all the tools/indicators within the system work perfectly or without error(s). Hence, use at your own risk; I accept no liability for system damage, financial losses, and even loss of life. ; )─

UPDATES:v2v Power: vertical list spacing ─ adjusted New templates  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get the updated release <<< here >>>

--- 帖子 #583 ---
v2v dynamic trading system .─.for .MT4 platform

UPDATES:v2v Power:For power timeframe switching ─ added Backward & Forward clickable areas Added "CHF/JPY" pair for power data calculation
PIVOT FIB plus:  minor header label names ─ fixed New templates  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

re-uploaded...
Get the updated release <<< here >>>

--- 帖子 #584 ---
v2v dynamic trading system .─.for .MT4 platform

UPDATE: Fixed issue with v2v top correlation tool for MT4 build 1280

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get the updated release <<< here >>>

--- 帖子 #585 ---
v2v dynamic trading system .─.for .MT4 platform

UPDATES:Short & Long DSMA ─ added Fulks/Matulich T3 way of calculation and made it as the default parameter TDZ MomenTicks ─ fixed and made Fulks/Matulich T3 way of calculation as default  Attached Image     Attached Image (click to enlarge)

re-uploaded...
Get the updated release <<< here >>>

--- 帖子 #586 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #587 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #588 ---
v2v dynamic trading system .─.for .MT4 platform

...just got optimized

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get the updated release <<< here >>>

--- 帖子 #589 ---
v2v dynamic trading system .─.for .MT4 platform

UPDATE:v2v Power ─ added "USD/SGD" for strength and "SGD" to the Power table
Using the below pairs/instruments for v2v Power (strength):
NZDCAD,NZDCHF,NZDJPY,EURNZD,AUDNZD,EURAUD,AUDCAD,GBPAUD,AUDCHF,AUDJPY,EURGBP,
GBPCAD,GBPCHF,GBPJPY,EURCAD,EURCHF,EURJPY,CADJPY,CHFJPY,CADCHF,JPN225,EURUSD,GBPUSD,
AUDUSD,NZDUSD,USDCHF,USDJPY,USDCAD,USDMXN,USDCNH,USDSGD,USDNOK,EURNOK,GBPNOK,USDSEK,
EURSEK,GBPSEK,XAUUSD,XAGUSD,XPDUSD,XPTUSD,XTIUSD,UKOIL,XNGUSD,US500,GER30,UK100,AUS200

Using the following correlation pairs/instruments:
EURUSD,GBPUSD,AUDUSD,NZDUSD,XAUUSD,XTIUSD,XAGUSD,EURGBP,EURAUD,
GBPAUD,GBPNZD,AUDNZD,EURNZD,USDJPY,USDCAD,USDCHF,USDMXN,USDCNH,
USDSGD,USDSEK,USDNOK,EURNOK,GBPNOK,UKOIL,AUS200,GBPJPY,EURJPY,AUDJPY,
NZDJPY,CADJPY,CHFJPY,EURCAD,GBPCAD,AUDCAD,NZDCAD,CADCHF,AUDCHF,
NZDCHF,XNGUSD,XPTUSD,XPDUSD,US500,US30,NAS100,JPN225,GER30,UK100,FRA40

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get the updated release <<< here >>>

--- 帖子 #590 ---
v2v dynamic trading system .─.for .MT4 platform

UPDATES:v2v Power ─ added "XNG" to the Power table v2v top correlation ─ changed/moved "Overlay Symbol" header (from) as a comment to a text label.  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get the updated release <<< here >>>

--- 帖子 #591 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #592 ---
v2v dynamic trading system...
...using Neural Network + v2v Power & top Correlation
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #593 ---
EUR/USD:  intraday sell @ value area high (vah) ─ TP @ Weekly VWAP

M30 TF |  H1 MTF | negative correlation with USDCHF
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #594 ---
USDJPY:  Trump tested positive for COVID-19
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #595 ---
v2v dynamic trading system .─.for .MT4 platform

UPDATES:v2v Power ─ optimization  v2v top correlation ─ default parameter list and value update, and some code optimization New templates
Get the updated release <<< here >>>

--- 帖子 #596 ---
v2v dynamic trading system.─.for.MT4 platform

A Project Looking Glass ...with Tesla footprints inside

The v2v dynamic trading system is not the usual thing out there. It doesn't have any arrows or trigger alerts for a long/buy or short/sell signal. For such, it needs critical thinking of the One in between the keyboard and a chair. Yes, that is you.

This system is designed for a discretionary type of trader. Thus, it may only help you to manage your trades or position your positions. And it requires the One's due diligence to understand or to know more about this system.
☢ There are no guarantees that all the tools/indicators within the system work perfectly or without error(s). Hence, use at your own risk; I accept no liability for system damage, financial losses, and even loss of life. ; )─

UPDATE:HA-APB tool ─ Added T3 HMA Fulks/Matulich way of calculation  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get the updated release <<< here >>>

--- 帖子 #597 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #598 ---
v2v dynamic trading system .─.for .MT4 platform

A Project Looking Glass ...with Tesla footprints inside

The v2v dynamic trading system is not the usual thing out there. It doesn't have any arrows or trigger alerts for a long/buy or short/sell signal. For such, it needs critical thinking of the One in between the keyboard and a chair. Yes, that is you.

This system is designed for a discretionary type of trader. Thus, it may only help you to manage your trades or position your positions. And it requires the One's due diligence to understand or to know more about this system.

☢ There are no guarantees that all the tools/indicators within the system work perfectly or without error(s). Hence, use at your own risk; I accept no liability for system damage, financial losses, and even loss of life. ; )─

UPDATES:HA-APB tool: Fused a Parabolic EAX ( ENTRY and EXIT ) using Heiken Ashi - Average Price Bar based calculation and T3 HMA New templates  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

...reuploaded
Get the updated release <<< here >>>

--- 帖子 #599 ---
AUD/USD
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #600 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #601 ---
UPDATES:HA-APB tool: Optimized Parabolic EAX ( ENTRY and EXIT ) algorithm And applied an on-chart zoom dynamic dot-size change
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get the updated release <<< here >>>

--- 帖子 #602 ---
AUDUSD
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #603 ---
UPDATES:HA-APB:Optimized Parabolic EAX ( ENTRY and EXIT ) default color change  v2v top correlation:Optimized runtime action Default parameter change  New templates:  Default parameter value for Sydney Open  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get the updated release <<< here >>>

--- 帖子 #604 ---
UPDATES:v2v top correlation:Optimized process flow Applied an on-start execution Now showing the number of calculated Bars (...preparing for dynamic set up)
HA-APB: Parabolic EAX: Re-adjusted the on-zoom dynamic dot-size

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image

Get the updated release <<< here >>>

--- 帖子 #605 ---
UPDATES:v2v top correlation:Reverted back to "click to start correlation" upon loading Default parameter change  HA-APB tool:Optimized Parabolic EAX (ENTRY and EXIT) ─ a hybrid of Parabolic SAR (STOP and REVERSAL)  New templates  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get the updated release <<< here >>>

--- 帖子 #606 ---
Statistical Quartiles in a Volume Profile (VP) with VWAP (Volume Weighted Average Price)

...anchoring two VP tools to understand the Price auction current state.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Shifted VWAP Bands based on Statistical z-scores
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Price auction analysis
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #607 ---
EUR/USD
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

USD/NOK... a negative correlation (at post time) with EUR/USD
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #608 ---
Done some optimizations...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get the updated release <<< here >>>

--- 帖子 #609 ---
UPDATES:

v2v top correlations:added navigation: previous & next TF set. overlay symbol on-load issue...fixed.  Attached Image

RE-UPLOADED... again.  ; )─
Get the updated release <<< here >>>

--- 帖子 #610 ---
Hi, v2v

How are your MT5 deal being done?

Best

D.P.

--- 帖子 #611 ---
UPDATES:

v2v top correlations:Modified/added new parameter options: Using DCP value as correlation length (number of Bars to calculate ─ dependency on DCP Period tool. New templates  Attached Image
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

re-uploaded...
Get the updated release <<< here >>>

--- 帖子 #612 ---
UPDATES:v2v Power:Just like the correlation tool, this one now uses the DCP value as an option. You can switch ON/OFF the DCP mode by clicking on the middle panel body and top header text.  v2v top correlations:Updated header text... and applied some code optimizations.  New templates: Updated default parameters   Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get the updated release <<< here >>>

--- 帖子 #613 ---
UPDATES:v2v Regression Analysis: parameter modifications for statistical z-scores' calculation. system-wide code optimizations:  v2v top correlations, v2v Power, VP-R tools, and DC Period new templates: updated default parameters.  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Download it here >>> here <<< and you may begin to learn more about my insanity, I mean, my system ; )─

--- 帖子 #614 ---
The Homodyne Discriminator Cycle Period measures the cycle period of the current market trend. It returns the current cycle period (in bars or candles) of the current market trend (or market cycle). Based on Homodyne Discriminator by John F. Ehlers, Rocket Science for Traders.

This type of algorithm exhibits superior performance in a low signal-to-noise environment.

Homodyne means I use the signal multiplied by itself one bar ago to produce a zero-frequency beat note. This beat note carries the phase angle of the one-bar change. Still using the basic definition of a cycle, the one-bar rate of change of phase is exactly the cycle period.

And now... Here comes the v2v dynamic trading system armed by the DCP (Dominant Cycle Period) ─just replaced the word Discriminator (it seems inappropriate word in the new normal). The DCP tool shared the generated value (number of bars or candles) to the following tools below within the system.

1 )  Regression Analysis: Linear, Quadratic, Logarithmic and Exponential
2 )  Volume Profile with VWAP
3 )  Traders Dynamic Zone
4 )  v2v MomenTicks
5 )  Neural Network
6 )  v2v top correlations
7 )  v2v Power

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #615 ---
DCP tool: updated process flow

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

re-uploaded...
Download it >>> here <<< and then you may begin to learn more about my insanity, I mean, my system ; )─

--- 帖子 #616 ---
Get to know more about this system... Good luck! ; )─

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #617 ---
AUDUSD

Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #618 ---
v2v dynamic trading system .─.for .MT4 platform

A Project Looking Glass ...with Tesla footprints inside

The v2v dynamic trading system is not the usual thing out there. It doesn't have any arrows or trigger alerts for a long/buy or short/sell signal. For such, it needs critical thinking of the One in between the keyboard and a chair. Yes, that is you.

This system is designed for a discretionary type of trader. Thus, it may only help you to manage your trades or position your positions. And it requires the One's due diligence to understand or to know more about this system. Sadly, it may take some precious time to finish the user manual.

☢ There are no guarantees that all the tools/indicators within the system work perfectly or without error(s). Hence, use at your own risk; I accept no liability for system damage, financial losses, and even loss of life. ; )─

✍ Note:
─ The indicators or tools on this system is simply a visual representation of time and historical price. And just like the normal candle bars, it re-calculates based on new information. Hence, if you are looking for historical patterns and shapes, then this system is not for you. You may continue the journey of looking for another system that fits you.
─ Keep this in mind... There's always room for improvement in this system.
─ Thus, expect constant updates from time-to-time.
─ Ideas/suggestions are welcome but don't expect to be added or considered, and even reply to your post/comment.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> here <<< and then... you may begin to learn more about my (in)sanity, I mean my system ; )─

--- 帖子 #619 ---
Re-uploaded...

--- 帖子 #620 ---
UPDATES:VP-R tools: horizontal bar width DCP: adjusted the sync between Regression Analysis, v2v top correlations, and v2v Power Regression Analysis:  parameter update New templates
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #621 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #622 ---
UPDATES:DCP tool: code optimization Regression Analysis: added on-switch inter-action with DCP tool  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #623 ---
GBP/USD
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #624 ---
Gold Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #625 ---
UPDATES:V-PR tools: code adjustment for pairs with 3 digit decimal price PIVOT FIBS plus: parameter update (London Market Time) New templates: default parameter value change Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #626 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #627 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #628 ---
..upcoming v2v dynamic trading system updates v2v Power: ... an added feature by using the vertical line guides for manual adjustment of strength calculation Pivot FIBS plus: ...ASR (Average Session Range ─ instantaneous update-fix)

--- 帖子 #629 ---
GBP/AUD: M30 TF | H1 MTF
...buy the dip or sell by hail mary? ; )─
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Please be reminded that there is always the potential for loss. Your trading results may vary. Unique experiences and past performances do not guarantee future results. Thus, it is highly recommended to seek a duly licensed professional for investment advice whether any given trading idea, strategy/method, and charts/tools that I shared/described herein may be appropriate for your circumstances. All investments involve risk, including loss of principal. Hence, I accept no liability for financial losses,... and even loss of life. ; )─

--- 帖子 #630 ---
EUR/USD: M30 TF | H1 MTF

Just banking on a probable rotation until an opportunity presents itself. This is a Monday intraday setup, which may(/not) continue through the early part of the Tuesday Asian session. But... for this setup, my enemy is the current trend (downtrend), Thus, I just keep my enemy closer ; )─ So no worries... keeping my losses small if ever, but eyeballing bigger winnings ; )─ ...I just wanted to ride the first train without Steven Seagal on it that may disrupt my trading plan ; )─
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #631 ---
EUR/USD
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #632 ---
UPDATES:PIVOT FIBS plus: added 2.382 (S238 & R238) and 2.618 (S261 & R261) v2v top correlation: minor process flow adjustment Neural Network: default parameter adjustment New templates  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

...re-uploaded
Get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #633 ---
Did you notice that the v2v dynamic trading system is equipped with VWAP based PIVOT FIBS?

If I am not mistaken, this is the first of its kind. However, regardless of where the PIVOT is based on...
You only need to see the confluence (more often) on an X382 and X618 FIBS

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #634 ---
EURUSD:   W1 TF | MN1 MTF
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #635 ---
EUR/USD: M30 TF | H1 MTF ─ Buy the dips

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #636 ---
UPDATES:Optimized and fully adaptive... all the tools within the system. Regression Analysis... fixed volume weighted-adaptive calculation Neural Network... fixed volume weighted-adaptive calculation V-PR tools... fixed ATR & MVWAP combo: from on-chart switch button selection New templates  Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

...re-uploaded
Get it here >>> v2v dynamic system <<<

--- 帖子 #637 ---
USD/JPY:  H4 TF | D1 MTF
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #638 ---
v2v dynamic trading system .─.for .MT4 platform

A Project Looking Glass ...with Tesla footprints inside

The v2v dynamic trading system is not the usual thing out there. It doesn't have any arrows or trigger alerts for a long/buy or short/sell signal. For such, it needs critical thinking of the One in between the keyboard and a chair. Yes, that is you.

This system is designed for a discretionary type of trader. Thus, it may only help you to manage your trades or position your positions. And it requires the One's due diligence to understand or to know more about this system. Sadly, it may take some precious time to finish the user manual.

☢ There are no guarantees that all the tools/indicators within the system work perfectly or without error(s). Hence, use at your own risk; I accept no liability for system damage, financial losses, and even loss of life. ; )─

UPDATES: Optimized and fully adaptive... all the tools within the system. Regression Analysis... fixed volume weighted-adaptive calculation Neural Network... fixed volume weighted-adaptive calculation V-PR tools... fixed ATR & MVWAP combo: from on-chart switch button selection System bands... multiplier in Fibo value  ( 0.382;0.618;1.0;1.382;1.618;2.0;2.382;2.618... )  Added MT4 server disconnection handling New templates  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

...re-uploaded
Get it here >>> v2v dynamic system <<<

--- 帖子 #639 ---
AUD/USD

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #640 ---
✜ v2v dynamic .trading system ─ for MT4 ✜

↓ Compiled with instruments/pairs from Global Prime broker
EURUSD,GBPUSD,AUDUSD,NZDUSD,XAUUSD,XAGUSD,EURGBP,EURAUD,GBPAUD,GBPNZD,AUDNZD,EURNZD
USDJPY,GBPJPY,EURJPY,AUDJPY,NZDJPY,CADJPY,CHFJPY,EURCAD,GBPCAD,AUDCAD,NZDCAD,USDCAD
CADCHF,AUDCHF,NZDCHF,USDCHF,USDMXN,USDCNH,USDSGD,USDSEK,USDNOK,EURNOK,GBPNOK,UK100
XTIUSD,UKOIL,XNGUSD,XPTUSD,XPDUSD,US500,US30,AUS200,NAS100,JPN225,GER30,FRA40

↓ Compiled with instruments/pairs from FTMO
EURUSD,GBPUSD,AUDUSD,NZDUSD,XAUUSD,XAGUSD,EURGBP,EURAUD,GBPAUD,GBPNZD,AUDNZD,EURNZD
USDJPY,GBPJPY,EURJPY,AUDJPY,NZDJPY,CADJPY,CHFJPY,EURCAD,GBPCAD,AUDCAD,NZDCAD,USDCAD
CADCHF,AUDCHF,NZDCHF,USDCHF,USDMXN,USDRUB,USDNOK,USDSEK,EURSEK,EURNOK,EURRUB,USDTRY
BRENT,WTI,NATGAS,SPX500,WS30,US100,J225,AUS200,DE30,UK100,FR40,BUND

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> here <<<

--- 帖子 #641 ---
EURUSD: M30 chart TF and H1 MTF

─ Neural network slightly bullish

─ Quadratic regression @ post time... is curving sharply:  Using current TF Dominant Cycle Period (DCP)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #642 ---
NZD/USD:  H4 TF | D1 MTF

─ Neural Network... looking for Short

--- 帖子 #643 ---
...required actions for the first time user of this system

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #644 ---
✜ v2v dynamic .trading system ✜

v2v Power tools
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Strength hour(s) used for calculation (embedded value)... else use DCP based auto-generated hour(s) or set user-defined value (parameter based)
M5 = 1 Hour
M15 = 3
M30 = 6
H1 = 9
H4 = 18
D1 = 108
W1 = 324
MN1 = 972

↓ Generic instruments/pairs from at least 90% of Brokers
EURUSD,GBPUSD,AUDUSD,NZDUSD,XAUUSD,XAGUSD,EURGBP,EURAUD,GBPAUD,
USDJPY,GBPJPY,EURJPY,AUDJPY,NZDJPY,CADJPY,CHFJPY,EURCAD,GBPCAD,CADCHF,
AUDCHF,NZDCHF,USDCHF,USDNOK,USDSEK,EURSEK,EURNOK,XAUUSD,GBPNZD,
AUDNZD,EURNZD,AUDCAD,NZDCAD,USDCAD,XAGUSD,USDMXN,USDCNH

↓ Using instruments/pairs from Global Prime
EURUSD,GBPUSD,AUDUSD,NZDUSD,XAUUSD,XAGUSD,EURGBP,EURAUD,GBPAUD,
GBPNZD,AUDNZD,EURNZD,USDJPY,GBPJPY,EURJPY,AUDJPY,NZDJPY,CADJPY,CHFJPY,
EURCAD,GBPCAD,AUDCAD,NZDCAD,USDCAD,CADCHF,AUDCHF,NZDCHF,USDCHF,
USDSGD,EURSGD,AUDSGD,USDSEK,USDNOK,EURNOK,GBPNOK,US500,XTIUSD,
UKOIL,XNGUSD,USDMXN,USDCNH,JPN225,AUS200,UK100,GER30

↓ Using instruments/pairs from O a n d a
EURUSD,GBPUSD,AUDUSD,NZDUSD,XAUUSD,XAGUSD,EURGBP,EURAUD,GBPAUD,
GBPNZD,AUDNZD,EURNZD,USDJPY,GBPJPY,EURJPY,AUDJPY,NZDJPY,CADJPY,CHFJPY,
EURCAD,GBPCAD,AUDCAD,NZDCAD,USDCAD,CADCHF,AUDCHF,NZDCHF,USDCHF,
USDSGD,USDNOK,USDSEK,EURSEK,EURNOK,EURSGD,EURTRY,USDTRY,BCOUSD,
WTIOUSD,NATGASUSD,SPX500USD,JP225USD,USB10YUSD,USB30YUSD,DE10YBEUR,
DE30EUR,UK10YBGBP,AU200AUD,CN50USD

↓ Using instruments/pairs from F X C M
EURUSD,GBPUSD,AUDUSD,NZDUSD,XAUUSD,XAGUSD,EURGBP,EURAUD,GBPAUD,
GBPNZD,AUDNZD,EURNZD,USDJPY,GBPJPY,EURJPY,AUDJPY,NZDJPY,CADJPY,CHFJPY,
EURCAD,GBPCAD,AUDCAD,NZDCAD,USDCAD,CADCHF,AUDCHF,NZDCHF,USDCHF,
USDMXN,USDCNH,USDNOK,USDSEK,USDTRY,EURTRY,EURSEK,EURNOK,UKOil,USOil,
NGAS,SPX500,JPN225,AUS200,GER30,UK100,Bund

↓ Using instruments/pairs from F T M O
EURUSD,GBPUSD,AUDUSD,NZDUSD,XAUUSD,XAGUSD,EURGBP,EURAUD,GBPAUD,
GBPNZD,AUDNZD,EURNZD,USDJPY,GBPJPY,EURJPY,AUDJPY,NZDJPY,CADJPY,CHFJPY,
EURCAD,GBPCAD,AUDCAD,NZDCAD,USDCAD,CADCHF,AUDCHF,NZDCHF,USDCHF,
USDMXN,USDRUB,USDNOK,USDSEK,EURSEK,EURNOK,EURRUB,USDTRY,BRENT,WTI,
NATGAS,SPX500,J225,AUS200,DE30,UK100,BUND

Get it >>> here <<<

--- 帖子 #645 ---
Updated Regression Analysis... re-activated feature in using the VP-R's vertical end-line guide ─ previous bars lookup capabilityviewing previous bar regression channel now using ATR based adaptive calculation for outer bands while using Heiken Ashi APB Close for regression (the mid or centerline)  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> here <<<

--- 帖子 #646 ---
great work

Thank you

--- 帖子 #647 ---
Thank you for your feedback!

...still, a lot needs to be done.

Pending updates:ASR (Average Session Range): On-going work (existing feature have issues) Dominant Cycle Period:  to provide MTF capability to the tools within the system. Such as the v2v top correlation, v2v Power and TDZ & v2v Momenticks v2v Power:

─ Will try to apply the previous bars lookup... just like the one with the Regression Analysis channel

─ Will add the re-engineered DCP tool for MTF value (targetted TF for periods or bars) v2v top correlation:

─ Will add the re-engineered DCP tool for MTF value (targetted TF for periods or bars)

--- 帖子 #648 ---
Updates:

Regression Analysis... re-activated feature in using the VP-R's vertical end-line guide ─ previous bars lookup capabilityViewing previous bar regression channel Now using ATR based adaptive calculation for outer bands while using Heiken Ashi APB Close for regression (the mid or centerline) Others:New templates ─ default parameter value change TDZ & v2v MomenTicks in sync with Z-scores  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> here <<<

--- 帖子 #649 ---
USD/SGD
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #650 ---
Updates:Code Optimizations... And new templates with modified default parameter value  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

re-uploaded...
Get it >>> here <<<

--- 帖子 #651 ---
USD/JPY @ post time : H1 TF | H4 MTF
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #652 ---
v2v dynamic trading system... with Traders' Dynamic Zone (TDZ)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #653 ---
EUR/USD @ post time: H1 TF | H4 MTF
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #654 ---
UPDATES:Optimized calculations... Adaptive ─ recursive depth adjusted Process execution speed ─ improved  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> here <<<

--- 帖子 #655 ---
UPDATES:Optimized calculations: For Regression Analysis, HA-APB, and VPR tools New/Modified parameter values New templates  Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image

re-uploaded...
Get it >>> here <<<

--- 帖子 #656 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #657 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #658 ---
v2v dynamic trading system .─.for .MT4 platform

A Project Looking Glass ...with Tesla footprints inside

The v2v dynamic trading system is not the usual thing out there. It doesn't have any arrows or trigger alerts for a long/buy or short/sell signal. For such, it needs critical thinking of the One in between the keyboard and a chair. Yes, that is you.

This system is designed for a discretionary type of trader. Thus, it may only help you to manage your trades or position your positions. And it requires the One's due diligence to understand or to know more about this system. Sadly, it may take some precious time to finish the user manual.

☢ There are no guarantees that all the tools/indicators within the system work perfectly or without error(s). Hence, use at your own risk; I accept no liability for system damage, financial losses, and even loss of life. ; )─

UPDATES:Optimized calculations: For Regression Analysis, and VP-R tools
─ Add RA type button: Using default classic regression midpoint
─  Using on-change TF Datasource (from M1 to M30 tick data): For both ATR & AR (Shifted VWAP and Regression bands) New/Modified parameter values New templates  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> here <<<

--- 帖子 #659 ---
SPX500

--- 帖子 #660 ---
UPDATES:Optimized calculations: For Regression Analysis, Neural Network, Long & Short DSMA, DCP tool, TDZ & v2v MomenTicks, and VP-R tools
─ Using default classic regression midpoint  (RAH = Regression Analysis - Heiken Aashi   /   RAC = Regression Analysis  -  Classic ) New/Modified parameter values New templates  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> here <<<

--- 帖子 #661 ---
SPX500

--- 帖子 #662 ---
UPDATES: MomenTicks in KindOptimized calculations: For Regression Analysis, Neural Network, TDZ & v2v MomenTicks, and VP-R tools
─ Added optional multiplier (default is 1.0) New/Modified parameter values New templates  Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image
Get it >>> here <<<

--- 帖子 #663 ---
UPDATES: ...MomenTicks in KindFixed minor issue with VP-R-tools:
─ data source handling when switching from higher TF to lower TF (e.g. current TF > D1 ...then jump to chart TF <= H1) Fixed process behavior at M1 TF  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it »»» here «««

--- 帖子 #664 ---
MomenTicks... a dynamic system
...for MT4

Updates:Regression analysis VP-R tools v2v Power (now fully DCP based) TDZ & v2v MomenTicks Neural Network HA-APB  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it »»» here «««

--- 帖子 #665 ---
The VWAP bands on this system...

This one is built with an ATR or Average Range /or ADR wherein the Shifted VWAP bands (from the midpoint - main VWAP) are calculated based on statistical z-scores. The main VWAP (the middle line) starting point of calculation is based on Dr. Paul Levine's (R.I.P.) lectures about his system called MIDAS. However, the so-called Top-Bottom Finder I did not fuse it, but instead, I'm using the z-score for the probability of predicting a trend end via ATR or AR-based calculation. The vertical line guides on this system (from & to) are used for plotting from price inflection points or session range (4-hour, daily, weekly, and monthly or 8-hour or 24-hour market range). The setup included an M-VWAP (MA-based VWAP ─ switch instantly with Classic VWAP). The MA is a Hull MA non-lag fused using a Fulks Matulich calculation way of a T3 based MA. As a result, I called it a T3-HMA.

Mostly, the MAs inside the system are Linear-Volume-Weighted with Jurik-based MA smoothing filter (but some of it only as the rest are using an adaptive calculation with Price) before adding DSMA filter (deviation-scaled MA calculation by John F. Ehlers). Then, the other tools are integrated with the system. Such as, Regression Analysis that can switch instantly with the Classic - a normal Price Close, and a Heiken Ashi based APB Close Price calculation). And most of the MA period is dynamically calculated/assigned based on the Dominant Cycle Period algorithm by John F. Ehlers.

--- 帖子 #666 ---
UPDATES:Regression analysis VP-R tools v2v Power (now fully DCP based ─ removed "<<<" clickable text at M1 TF) TDZ & v2v MomenTicks Neural Network HA-APB DCP tool v2v top correlations ─ default parameter New templates  Attached Image (click to enlarge)
re-uploaded...
Get it »»» here «««

--- 帖子 #667 ---
UPDATES:

1 ) A unique strength indicator called a v2v Power is fueled by Dominant Cycle Period (DCP) to generate the number of bars (or Period) and calculate the number of power hours to use for gauging the strength of an instrument or symbol.And just like the regression analysis tool, I integrated the vertical line guides (via VP-R tool) that are used for anchoring a starting point or to limit/increase the number of bars to calculate. Such as... start position from session opening, price bar inflection points, and beginning of a trend. Thus, it can be used for plotting manually as a user-defined starting point. 2 ) New templates

Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Get it »»» here «««

--- 帖子 #668 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #669 ---
DCP strength tool
Attached Image

--- 帖子 #670 ---
UPDATES: a dynamic system for MT4

Project Looking Glass...Reimagination of a trading system under the retail trading environment that is built with Tesla footprints inside. And dynamically driven by the period of dominant cycle, and price calculation fueled by MomenTicks ─ linear volume-weighted momentum

1 ) Generic setup... plus Broker specific release for Global Prime, F X C M, and F T M O (Note: I am not an IB or a company affiliated with the said retail brokers)

2 ) New templates

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it » » » here « « «

--- 帖子 #671 ---
USD/SGD: ...looking negatively correlated with EUR/USD
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #672 ---
v2v dynamic trading system ─ for MT4 platform

Project Looking Glass... Reimagination of a trading system under the retail trading environment built with Tesla footprints inside. And dynamically driven by the period of dominant cycle, and price calculation fueled by MomenTicks ─ linear volume-weighted momentum.

UPDATES:

1 ) v2v Power... Special edition: Time Travel
A one of a kind currency/instrument strength tool that comes with great responsibility ; )─

─ Applied mechanics and invention of Dr. Emmett Lathrop "Doc" Brown, Ph.D.
─ And fused a 1981 DeLorean sports car driven by Michael J. Fox.
─ Now, a tool that can go back in time, and powered by a techno-babble called the Flux Capacitor
─ A tool designed knowing that inter-market relationships govern currency price action.

2 ) Regression Analysis: On-swap start/endpoint correction (fixed an issue caused by the above updates)

3 ) v2v & TDZ MomenTicks: data source adjusted to M5 data (if current TF > M1)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Note: All the tools/indicators within the system can't simply be attached alone on your chart, as it works dependently with the One... and other tools inside. Such as this v2v Power tool that works with v2v top correlation and VP-R tools... as well as the regression analysis channel.

re-uploaded...
Get it » » » here « « «

--- 帖子 #673 ---
Fixed issues when loading non-FX pairs

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it » » » here « « «

--- 帖子 #674 ---
v2v dynamic trading system ─ for MT4 platform

Project Looking Glass... Reimagination of a trading system under the retail trading environment built with Tesla footprints inside. And dynamically driven by the period of dominant cycle, and price calculation fueled by MomenTicks ─ linear volume-weighted momentum.

UPDATES & FIXES

1 ) v2v Power...
─ Fixed calculation issues
─ Pairs/instruments in-sync with correlation tool: Overlay symbol is now available in MTF mode
─ Color-coded highlights: If the current strength value is greater than the previous strength within the hour
─ Strength value with " * " (current & previous) is greater than the current & previous within the hour of USD strength
─ Fixed minor sync issue with correlation/overlay symbol

2 ) TDZ MomenTicks: Now... an RSI & RSX only

Note: All the tools/indicators within the system can't simply be attached alone on your chart, as it works dependently with the One... and other tools inside. Such as this v2v Power tool that works with v2v top correlation and VP-R tools... as well as the regression analysis channel.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

re-uploaded...

Get it » » » here « « «

--- 帖子 #675 ---
How to read some parts of the system
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #676 ---
v2v dynamic trading system ─ for MT4 platform

Project Looking Glass... Reimagination of a trading system under the retail trading environment built with Tesla footprints inside. And dynamically driven by the period of dominant cycle, and price calculation fueled by MomenTicks ─ linear volume-weighted momentum.

UPDATES:

1 ) v2v Power... New parameter options
─ Power threshold notification: Sound, Pop-up, Email, and Push notification

2 ) New templates

Note: All the tools/indicators within the system can't simply be attached alone on your chart, as it works dependently with the One... and other tools inside. Such as this v2v Power tool that works with v2v top correlation, VP-R tools, and the Volume on Main chart tool... as well as the Regression Analysis channel.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it » » » here « « «

--- 帖子 #677 ---
v2v dynamic trading system ─ for MT4 platform

Project Looking Glass... Reimagination of a trading system under the retail trading environment built with Tesla footprints inside. And dynamically driven by the period of dominant cycle, and price calculation fueled by MomenTicks ─ linear volume-weighted momentum.

UPDATES:

1 ) v2v Power...
─ Pair symbol (notification): input handling corrected.
─ Highlighted color for Pair symbol (notification)
Attached Image
2 ) New templates

Note: All the tools/indicators within the system can't simply be attached alone on your chart, as it works dependently with the One... and other tools inside. Such as this v2v Power tool that works with v2v top correlation, VP-R tools, and the Volume on Main chart tool... as well as the Regression Analysis channel.

--- 帖子 #678 ---
v2v dynamic trading system ─ for MT4 platform

Project Looking Glass... Reimagination of a trading system under the retail trading environment built with Tesla footprints inside. And dynamically driven by the period of dominant cycle with price calculation fueled by MomenTicks ─ linear volume-weighted momentum.

The v2v dynamic trading system is not the usual thing out there. It doesn't have any arrows or trigger alerts for a long/buy or short/sell signal. For such, it needs critical thinking of the One in between the keyboard and a chair. Yes, that is you.

This is a discretionary trader designed system or someone with a systematic trading plan/strategy. Thus, it may only help you to manage your trades or position your positions. And it requires the One's due diligence to understand or to know more about this system. Sadly, it may take some precious time to finish the user manual due to constant development/updates.

☢ There are no guarantees that all the tools/indicators within the system work perfectly or without error(s). Hence, use at your own risk; I accept no liability for system damage, financial losses, and even loss of life. ; )─

UPDATES: The Saga continues.... ; )─

1 ) v2v Power: Optimized codes with a better threshold alert (process and message notification).

2 ) New system release: additional retail... based brokers ─ IFS Markets and Lite Forex (Note: I'm not in any way affiliated or an IB of these brokers)

3 ) New templates

Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #679 ---
I wish you a little late for 2021

the volume is great again, just great, great work

On behalf of me and my son, he loves your work

--- 帖子 #680 ---
Oh... Thank you!  ...wishing you and your son more +pips this year.

--- 帖子 #681 ---
Thank you, too

--- 帖子 #682 ---
UPDATES:

1 ) TDZ MomenTicks: The transition from RSI to RSX while in MTF mode got fixed. The issue started based on the last update of this tool.

2 ) Default parameter value:  updated

3 ) New templates

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #683 ---
On this special day of mine...

v2v dynamic trading system ─ for MT4 platform

Project Looking Glass... Reimagination of a trading system under the retail trading environment built with Tesla footprints inside. And dynamically driven by the current Dominant Cycle Period (DCP) with price calculation fueled by MomenTicks ─ linear volume-weighted momentum.

The v2v dynamic trading system is not the usual thing out there. It doesn't have any arrows or trigger alerts for a long/buy or short/sell signal. For such, it needs critical thinking of the One in between the keyboard and a chair. Yes, that is you.

This is a discretionary trader designed system or for someOne with a systematic trading plan/strategy. Thus, it may help to manage trades or position existing positions... Otherwise, come up with an overall/average directional probability.

Having said that, don't forget to...
The system requires One's due diligence to understand or to know more about this system. Sadly, it may take some precious time to finish the user manual due to constant development/updates.

UPDATES: The following tools have been optimized.VP-R tools: VWAP shifted and range calculation ─ both ATR & ADR mode TDZ & v2v MomenTicks: Range calculation ─ both ATR & ADR mode Regression Analysis: range calculation  Heiken Ashi APB ─ Fixed a function: MT4 server or Internet disconnection handling  Default parameter values New templates  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #684 ---
UPDATES: PipShow: Position Sizing ─ a resurrected tool from 2018... now optimized  v2v Power: Notification message floating-point decimal fixed Default parameter values New templates  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #685 ---
PipShow: Position Sizing tool for v2v dynamic trading system

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #686 ---
PipShow: Position Sizing tool for v2v dynamic trading system

UPDATES:

─ Show Pipsbased on distance from entry Price and Profit or... Pips based on Profit Only ─ Added Account Margin threshold level alert  Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #687 ---
PipShow: Position Sizing tool for v2v dynamic trading system

UPDATES:

─ ATR Pips for Non-FX pairs
─ Code optimizations.

DXY
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #688 ---
EURUSD
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #689 ---
UPDATES:

─ Code optimizations... on some tools

─ PipShow:Showing overall real spread (in Pips or Points): A profit-based based calculations after commission and swaps for chart's current symbol ─ (all) open order(s) Removed fixed balance parameter Added an account margin level threshold push notification and email alert ─ New templates with modified default parameter values

Attached Image
Get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #690 ---
PipShow... stand-alone release

─ net Pip(s) modified from 1 to 2 decimal places

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached File(s)   PipShow_stand-alone.ex4

149 KB
|
404 downloads

--- 帖子 #691 ---
v2v dynamic trading system ─ for MT4 platform

Project Looking Glass... Reimagination of a trading system under the retail trading environment built with Tesla footprints inside. And dynamically driven by the current Dominant Cycle Period (DCP) with price calculation fueled by MomenTicks ─ linear volume-weighted momentum.

The v2v dynamic trading system is not the usual thing out there. It doesn't have any arrows or trigger alerts for a long/buy or short/sell signal. For such, it needs critical thinking of the One in between the keyboard and a chair. Yes, that is you.

The system requires One's due diligence to understand or to know more about this system. Sadly, it may take some precious time to finish the user manual due to constant development/updates.

Having said that, don't forget to...

This is a discretionary trader designed system or for someOne with a systematic trading plan/strategy. Thus, it may help to manage trades or position existing positions... Otherwise, come up with an overall/average directional probability.

☢ There are no guarantees that all the tools/indicators within the system work perfectly or without error(s). Hence, use at your own risk; I accept no liability for system damage, financial losses, and even loss of life. ; )─

✍ Reminder...
─ Keep this in mind... There's always room for improvement in this system.
─ Thus, expect constant updates from time-to-time.
─ Ideas/suggestions are welcome but don't expect to be added or considered, and even reply to your post/comment.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #692 ---
UPDATES: PipShow  ─  a tool designed for Human Trader
Attached Image

chorus:

♫ I'm turning Japanese ♪

♩ I think I'm turning Japanese ♬

♬...with a PipShow! ♩PipShow - including a stand-alone release
─ Real Pips... Pips based on Profit
─ Real Spread... Pips difference based on Profit and the overall cost of trading
─ Real Profit... including the Commission & Swap
─ (total) Amount per lot (orders): e.g. 0.3 - please see the image below Improved disconnection handling (inside v2v dynamic trading system's HA-APB tool)  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #693 ---
EURUSD & DXY
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #694 ---
McGinley Dynamic fused with TDZ MomenTicks

The McGinley Dynamic indicator is a kind of moving average that was designed in order to track the market in a better way in comparison to the current moving average indicators. It is a technical indicator that enhances the movement of average lines by adjusting for shifts within the market speed.

This technical analysis tool was designed to solve the main issue with moving averages, their reliance on fixed time periods. It helps solve the issue of varying market speeds and provides a more accurate reflection of price action.

The McGinley Dynamic indicator was invented by John R. McGinley, a former editor of the Market Technicians Association’s Journal of Technical Analysis and a Certified Market Technician.

The indicator itself is relatively new. It came from McGinley’s efforts in the 1990s to design a responsive indicator capable of adjusting itself to the market’s speed. Hence, the name “dynamic.” The McGinley Dynamic indicator was first published in the Journal of Technical Analysis in 1997.

Many traders, analysts, and market experts refer to the McGinley Dynamic indicator as “the most reliable indicator, you have never heard of.”
Similar to MAs and other indicators, the McGinley Dynamic isn’t intended to be used on its own. It is advisable for the best results to complement it with other indicators

Now, integrated as an oscillator under v2v dynamic trading systems' architectureClassic (RSI) McGinley Dynamic Zone Trend Strength Zone (RSX) McGinley Dynamic
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

McGinley Dynamic Zone (MDZ)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

re-uploaded...
Get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #695 ---
McGinley Dynamic Zone (MDZ)

─ Now using an improved formula

RSI MDZ
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

RSX MDZ
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

re-uploaded...
Get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #696 ---
v2v dynamic trading system...

UPDATES:Streamlined parameter inputs An optimized default parameter value Short & Long DSMA user-defined number of bars (parameter option) ─ fixed Re-attached an update... with v2v & TDZ MomenTicks  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

re-uploaded...
Get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #697 ---
An update... Now, the system loads and runs much better.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #698 ---
v2v dynamic trading system ─ for MT4 platform

Project Looking Glass... Reimagination of a trading system under the retail trading environment built with Tesla footprints inside. And dynamically driven by the current Dominant Cycle Period (DCP) with price calculation fueled by MomenTicks ─ linear volume-weighted momentum.

The v2v dynamic trading system is not the usual thing out there. It doesn't have any arrows or trigger alerts for a long/buy or short/sell signal. For such, it needs critical thinking of the One in between the keyboard and a chair. Yes, that is you.

The system requires One's due diligence to understand or to know more about this system. Sadly, it may take some precious time to finish the user manual due to constant development/updates.

Having said that, don't forget to...

This is a discretionary trader designed system or for someOne with a systematic trading plan/strategy. Thus, it may help to manage trades or position existing positions... Otherwise, come up with an overall/average directional probability.

☢ There are no guarantees that all the tools/indicators within the system work perfectly or without error(s). Hence, use at your own risk; I accept no liability for system damage, financial losses, and even loss of life. ; )─

UPDATES: v2v dynamic trading systemOptimized process execution timer New templates Note: The PipShow tool is still under development and testing for non-FX pairs.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it here

--- 帖子 #699 ---
UPDATES: v2v dynamic trading systemOptimized process execution timer New templates (default parameter value update)
Note: The PipShow tool is still under development and testing for non-FX pairs.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>>  here

--- 帖子 #700 ---
GBP/USD... trading in a range.

But a probable breakout by Thursday due to major economic data releases (in case of positive or greater than forecast ─ 1.38000 handle... on a contrary ─ 1.35000 handle)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #701 ---
EUR/USD
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #702 ---
EUR/USD: Intraday (sell the rips : max 1.21500) ... until proven otherwise ; )─

TP @ 1.20500 (more or less)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #703 ---
UPDATES: v2v dynamic trading systemCode optimizations.... done. New templates As always, one must adjust the Market timing via PIVOT FIB plus parameter settings.
Attached Image
Note: The PipShow tool is still under development and testing for non-FX pairs.

Get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #704 ---
NZD/JPY
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #705 ---
PipShowUpdated for JPY pairs Get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #706 ---
CHF/JPY
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #707 ---
Silver.... zero power vs the USD @post time

...and it seems eyeballing the 25.500 Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #708 ---
Silver ...update
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #709 ---
that looks crazy, we are good

v2vboni

perfect as always

--- 帖子 #710 ---
NZD/JPY
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #711 ---
CHF/JPY
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #712 ---
UPDATES: TVIMcGinleyReplaced TVI Laguerre with the NEW McGinley based TVI... a Blau's TVI fused with McGinley Dynamic FTMO based v2v Power & Top Correlation tool added the following highlighted pairs below.↓ Using instruments/pairs from F T M O
EURUSD,GBPUSD,AUDUSD,NZDUSD,XAUUSD,XAUEUR,XAUAUD,XAGUSD,XAGEUR,XAGAUD,
EURGBP,EURAUD,GBPAUD,GBPNZD,AUDNZD,EURNZD,USDJPY,GBPJPY,EURJPY,AUDJPY,
NZDJPY,CADJPY,CHFJPY,EURCAD,GBPCAD,AUDCAD,NZDCAD,USDCAD,CADCHF,AUDCHF,
NZDCHF,USDCHF,USDMXN,USDRUB,USDNOK,USDSEK,EURSEK,EURNOK,EURRUB,USDTRY,
BRENT,WTI,NATGAS,SPX500,J225,AUS200,DE30,UK100,BUND

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

re-uploaded...
Get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #713 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #714 ---
GBP/USD

--- 帖子 #715 ---
FTMO based currency... updated

EURUSD,GBPUSD,AUDUSD,NZDUSD,XAUUSD,XAUEUR,XAUAUD,XAGUSD,XAGEUR,XAGAUD,EURGBP,GBPNZD,AUDNZD,EURNZD
USDJPY,GBPJPY,EURJPY,AUDJPY,NZDJPY,CADJPY,CHFJPY,EURCAD,GBPCAD,AUDCAD,NZDCAD,USDCAD,EURAUD,GBPAUD
CADCHF,AUDCHF,NZDCHF,USDCHF,USDMXN,USDRUB,USDNOK,USDSEK,EURSEK,EURNOK,EURRUB,USDHKD,USDTRY,SWI20.cash
XPDUSD,USOIL.cash,US500.cash,JP225.cash,AUS200.cash,GER30.cash,UK100.cash,N25.cash

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

As always, one must adjust the Market timing via PIVOT FIB plus parameter settings.

Get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #716 ---
FTMO based v2v Power tool ─ small update only:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #717 ---
USD/JPY

--- 帖子 #718 ---
I got severe COVID-19... And still recovering.

I'll update the News Event tool once fully recovered.

Stay Healthy and Safe

v2v

--- 帖子 #719 ---
get well soon for you

--- 帖子 #720 ---
Thanks... I am much better now.

I had a severe COVID case
─ unusual fatigue
─ sore throat
─ body aches: bones (bone marrow) at lower limbs feeling like having a migraine
─ sense of smell gone for almost 3 days
─ severe cough with intermittent vomiting
─ fever 37 - 39 °C
─ eventually, suffered an ARDS (Acute Respiratory Distress Syndrome) caused by COVID or the so-called COVID pneumonia

I'm not able to trade and code for 3+ weeks. But just okay.

--- 帖子 #721 ---
v2v dynamic trading system ─ for MT4 platform

Project Looking Glass... Reimagination of a trading system under the retail trading environment built with Tesla footprints inside. And dynamically driven by the current Dominant Cycle Period (DCP) with price calculation fueled by MomenTicks ─ linear volume-weighted momentum.

The v2v dynamic trading system is not the usual thing out there. It doesn't have any arrows or trigger alerts for a long/buy or short/sell signal. For such, it needs critical thinking of the One in between the keyboard and a chair. Yes, that is you.

The system requires One's due diligence to understand or to know more about this system. Sadly, it may take some precious time to finish the user manual due to constant development/updates.

Having said that, don't forget to...

This is a discretionary trader-designed system or for someOne with a systematic trading plan/strategy. Thus, it may help to manage trades or position existing positions... Otherwise, come up with an overall/average directional probability.

☢ There are no guarantees that all the tools/indicators within the system work perfectly or without error(s). Hence, use at your own risk; I accept no liability for system damage, financial losses, and even loss of life. ; )─

UPDATES: v2v dynamic trading systemNews Events tool: New XML URL (ForexFactory) applied
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
New templates
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #722 ---
that sounds good, on the road to recovery

All the best

--- 帖子 #723 ---
EUR/USD
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #724 ---
UPDATES:compiled using the latest MT4 build 1330 modified v2v Power for FTMO based instruments
─ DXY (DX.)
─ Euro Bund (ERB)  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #725 ---
...with news event tool
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #726 ---
DXY (DX.f) as correlation overlay symbol using FTMO based instruments

--- 帖子 #727 ---
Featuring the RMA Phase Accumulation MACD

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #728 ---
Featuring the TVI McGinley

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #729 ---
Featuring the Spearman Rank Correlation

--- 帖子 #730 ---
Featuring the RSI RSX

--- 帖子 #731 ---
EUR/USD:

Featuring RSX McGinley Dynamic

...with correlation and overlay symbol (candle bars) ─ e.g. DX.f (Dollar Index)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #732 ---
Featuring RMA Phase Accumulation MACD

─ This is a variation of RMA MACD (for MT5) by mladen, and I fused inside v2v MomenTicks

This MACD is using what is known as the RMA average for MACD calculation.

Taking into consideration that RMA is a variation of the SMA, the MACD values produced are almost surprisingly "fast" compared to the regular ema version. It also has some interesting properties when it comes to periods following the very volatile periods. In any case, seems to be a useful tool in the family of all sorts of MACD variations.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #733 ---
...working on adding a polychromatic feature to the v2v TDZ tool

--- 帖子 #734 ---
EUR/USD

--- 帖子 #735 ---
EUR/USD
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #736 ---
UPDATES:Re-introducing the PolyChromatic Momentum feature for TDZ MomenTicks

Denis Meyers that invented Polychromatic Momentum, describes it as:
Momentum is defined as the difference, or percent change, between the current bar and a bar some lookback period in the past. The major problem with using momentum-based indicators is that the optimum lookback period seems to change over time creating losses with the current chosen lookback period (this release is using a period generated via DCP calculation).

To avoid the errors due to a single lookback period we create an indicator that takes a weighted average of all significant lookback periods for the tradable. We named this indicator polychromatic because poly means many and chromatic means colors. Thus, the Polychromatic for this indicator translates into the sum of many Momentums... But this release is using all the filters & features under the umbrella of v2v MomenTicks system architecture.

Minor updates on the following tools...
─ HA-APB
─ v2v MomenTicks
─ Volumes On Main Chart
─ News Events

New templates  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #737 ---
EUR/USD

--- 帖子 #738 ---
Made minor updates of the PolyChromatic Momentum feature for TDZ MomenTicks

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

─ switching behavior cleanups
─ TDZ MTF's period reflects on Polychrome candle bars

Get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #739 ---
Optimized PolyChromatic Momentum feature...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #740 ---
GBP/USD
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #741 ---
Optimized PolyChromatic Momentum feature...

─ updated (button) switching behavior
─ if Poly is ON: update speed is 0

─ minimum number of bars adjustment if Poly is ON
─ new templates

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #742 ---
Optimized v2v dynamic system's default parameters...

─ default parameter updates
─ new templates

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #743 ---
DXY

--- 帖子 #744 ---
USD/JPY

--- 帖子 #745 ---
UPDATES: v2v dynamic system:

─ switching behaviors (minor fixes)
─ new templates

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #746 ---
Optimized... v2v dynamic system:

─ default parameter value update

─ new templates
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #747 ---
DXY

--- 帖子 #748 ---
EURUSD
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #749 ---
DXY

--- 帖子 #750 ---
ReFlex by John F. Ehlers ─ Stocks & Commodities Magazine February 2020

The background:

ReFlex: A New Zero-Lag Indicator” ─ author John Ehlers introduces a new averaging indicator that he has designed with reducing lag in mind.

Now... Reintroducing this feature under the v2v dynamic trading system's architecture:TDZ MomenTicks
─ added RSI & RSX based ReFlex

New templates & default parameter values  Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached File(s)   Reflex_a_New_Zero_Lag_Indicator.pdf

639 KB
|
443 downloads

Get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #751 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #752 ---
On-chart overlay symbol... Negative correlation

--- 帖子 #753 ---
v2v dynamictradingsystem

─  Updated parameter default values
─  RSI & RSX ReFlex got optimized

─  New templates

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it  >>>  here

--- 帖子 #754 ---
v2v dynamic trading system ─ for MT4 platform

A ReFlex (under TDZ MomenTicks) companion emerges... called TrendFlex : A John Ehlers' algorithm that got fused with v2v dynamic trading system's architecture.

─ RMA phase accumulation TrendFlex (under v2v MomenTicks)
─ This TrendFlex is using what is known as the RMA average for trend calculation. Just like the RMA phase MACD. The values produced are almost surprisingly "fast" compared to the regular version.

The ReFlex  indicator synchronizes with the cycle component in the price data. The second, its “companion”, the TrendFlex retains the trend component.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> Here

--- 帖子 #755 ---
AUD/USD

--- 帖子 #756 ---
UPDATES:

Optimized... v2v & TDZ MomenTicks

Dynamic period generation modification:
─ McGinley Dynamic
─ ReFlex and TrendFlex

Default parameter values:
─ Volume Profile - Range

»»» New templates
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #757 ---
McGinley Dynamic

--- 帖子 #758 ---
USD/CHF
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #759 ---
UPDATES:

TDZ MomenTicks
─ RSI & RSX Heiken Ashi Delta
haDelta is a simple formula originally developed and published by Mr. Dan Valcu. The idea behind haDelta is to quantify HA candles. By doing this, one can measure momentum and this is very important when you use haDelta for reversals. It measures the difference between HA Close and HA Open. Caution: High sensitivity if used.
─ Removed McGinley dynamic

v2v MomenTicks
─ Adjusted dynamic period calculation

New templates

Get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #760 ---
UPDATES:

─ Improved interaction with HA-APB tool with Polychromatic feature (Poly ON/ OFF switching behavior)

─ Fixed small issues with TDZ & v2v MomenTicks

─ New templates
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #761 ---
UPDATES: v2v dynamic trading system

1) Improved the on-load DCP value propagation across the tools/indicators
─ TDZ MomenTicks
─ v2v MomenTicks
─ v2v Power

2) Regression Analysis tool (v2v RA) ─ using the VP-R and DCP elements
─ an additional regression channel using the MTF DCP value (next TF: RA3)

3) New templates with new default parameter value

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #762 ---
v2v dynamic trading system

UPDATES:

1) TDZ and v2v MomenTicks
─ Improved handling of the current and next TF generated DCP value
─ Removed MTF mode with TDZ tools and replaced it with Next TF working Period (P1 and P2)

2) DCP, Regression Analysis, and Neural Network
─ Improved handling of DCP value

3) New templates with updated default parameter value

Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #763 ---
==============================================
A must before loading the v2v dynamic trading system ( new steps )
==============================================
Follow the steps below: Open an M1 chart Press the "F2" key to load History Center Navigate to the currency pair and the "1 Minute (M1)" history data for the chart you have open in your terminal (be sure to "double click" the "1 Minute (M1)" selection in the history center so it becomes the active selection) Then left-click once on any of the data rows in the right-hand window of the History Center (it doesn't matter which one) Click the "Add" button, this pops up another window titled "Bar" and the default selection is on the "year" Enter 1970 Then select "OK"... and it creates a new bar with the timestamp and price info you just added. Now select "Close" in the History Center Attached a script located under "Scripts" folder (with v2v_dynamic_system.zip) >>> Attached this to your chart: ForceLoadHistoricalData.ex4 Navigate to your M1 chart of interest and then from the terminal window (press Ctrl-T) select "Journal "-> go to main chart window and right-click mouse button and select "Refresh"...this will refresh the chart and attempts to fill any time gaps in the chart data (which now includes your year 1970 data point) with server data
Step 10 continued...Now your chart will have pulled anywhere from 2048 to 65536 M1 bars from your broker's server (not Metaquotes server) and is usually far more data than you can get the broker to cough up when you try and manually scroll your M1 chart back in time.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #764 ---
The v2v dynamic trading system uses global variables extensively. Below are the maintenance steps that you may follow:

MT4 global variable maintenance: Press "F3" on your keyboard to delete all or selectively (press Ctrl-A on your keyboard) the global variable(s) Or take a look at the image below which shows the built-in on-chart global variable maintenance trigger.  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #765 ---
EUR/USD
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #766 ---
v2v dynamic trading system

UPDATES:

1) Improved on-chart maintenance of global variables
─ TDZ & v2v MomenTicks
─ DCP
─ Volume Profile Range
─ v2v Power
─ Regression Analysis

2) Enabled the Polychromatic feature for TDZ Period 2

3) Fixed small issue with v2v Power tool previous TF

4) Short & Long DSMA
─ smaller button length

5) New templates with updated default parameter value

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> here

--- 帖子 #767 ---
...v2v dynamic trading system is under continuous development and will upload the latest version once everything seems running stable.

Thank you!

--- 帖子 #768 ---
v2v dynamic trading system ─ for MT4 platform

This system acts as a trading platform within MetaTrader.

Project Looking Glass... Reimagination of a trading system under the retail trading environment built with Tesla footprints inside. And dynamically driven by the current Dominant Cycle Period (DCP) with price calculation fueled by MomenTicks ─ linear volume-weighted momentum.

The v2v dynamic trading system is not the usual thing out there. It doesn't have any directional arrows and trigger alerts for long/buy or short/sell signals. For such, it needs critical thinking of the One in between the keyboard and a chair.

The system requires One's due diligence to understand or to know more about this system. Sadly, it may take some precious time to finish the user manual due to constant development/updates.

Having said that, don't forget to...

This is a discretionary trader-designed system or for someOne with a systematic trading plan/strategy. Thus, it may help to manage trades or position existing positions... Otherwise, come up with an overall/average directional probability.

☢ There are no guarantees that all the tools/indicators within the system work perfectly or without error(s). Hence, use at your own risk; I accept no liability for system damage, financial losses, and even loss of life. ; )─

Again, I just wanted to add or reiterate (without sounding rude), that this v2v dynamic trading system is not for noobs, and I won't say that this system or indicators are for noobs as it would tend to sound not a good trading tool to have ; )─ I just meant that it requires greater experience to understand how the system works. Otherwise, look for another trading system that makes you think less and adhere to the mantra of the KISS approach.

If you somehow can't figure out how to set it up on the MT4 platform... Then, it means you're probably not yet skillful enough to use this system as this requires due diligence/resourcefulness or does not have enough experience with third-party tools/indicators. Even more, in terms of trading experience to understand (how to's) the system or to know if one needs to ditch it or not. More so, It is a FREE system. What more effort needs to be given to the users? No one fed the coder with a silver spoon while coding this system. ; )─

This development thread journal contains a few pages of information to learn more than enough to use the system. Although, personally... My system and the trading itself need almost superhuman amounts of patience, composure, resolve, self-discipline, resilience, or necessitates... Even some counter-intuitive decision-making before/after clicking that buy or sell button.

This trading system makes you a responsible trader that uses more of your brainpower and not just simply waiting for a buy & sell signal or a pattern to form. This system will let you create your combination of confluences/setups and produced your own technical baseline bias before any type of price action shows up on your chart. However, at the end of the day, it is you and you alone who can figure out what works and what doesn’t. Good luck!

UPDATES:
1) An improved band multiplier (z-score and Fibonacci) application process,  and with that...
2) Additional control buttons got added for the following tools: TDZ MomenTicks, Regression Analysis, and Volume Profile - Range.
3) Now, the data source (tick/volume) got fixed to use only M1 data which in turn fixed the data horizon detection.
3) Implemented a v2v Power panel display limitation: By default, it will show only from M5 to H1 TF ─ via parameter modification.
4) New templates with updated default parameters

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> Here

--- 帖子 #769 ---
UPDATES:

Now... Keeping the generic release only, while others can be requested via PM.

1) Optimized work speed configurations (update process): Run on a new bar or timed execution with volatility detection trigger
2) v2v Power: removed USD/CNH pair
3) Fixed an issue with DCP after the last update.
4) New templates with updated parameter values

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> Here

--- 帖子 #770 ---
UPDATES:

Re-introducing the divergence dots...

1) TDZ MomenTicks: Added divergence dots... And now with ON/OFF button control.
2) First load or on-load DCP value execution for the following tools: TDZ & v2v MomenTicks, and Short & Long DSMA.
3) New templates with updated parameter values.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> Here

--- 帖子 #771 ---
USD/CAD

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #772 ---
UPDATES:Button navigation font size option (min. 8 | max 9) Compiled with MT4 build 1340 (23rd July 2021) New templates and default parameters  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> Here

--- 帖子 #773 ---
EUR/USD
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #774 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #775 ---
USD/CHF
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #776 ---
AUD/USD ─ USD/CAD:  Correlation...
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #777 ---
EUR/AUD

--- 帖子 #778 ---
USD/JPY

--- 帖子 #779 ---
UPDATES:Volume Profile Range tools:  modify default horizontal bar position and on-zoom update behavior News Event tool:  new parameter added to show upcoming event vertical lines (default = false) New templates  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> Here

--- 帖子 #780 ---
USD/JPY
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #781 ---
USD/JPY
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #782 ---
AUD/CAD

--- 帖子 #783 ---
USD/JPY
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #784 ---
U.S. PAYROLLS REPORT
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #785 ---
USD/JPY correlation (negative) with Gold at an average of 90% (M30 - H1 - H4 TF)... as of post time

--- 帖子 #786 ---
Upcoming updates:

─ an improve volume profile loading by adding update speed control

─ another comeback of RSI Laguerre? ─let see how it goes.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #787 ---
UPDATES

─ An improved volume profile loading by adding update speed control

─ Laguerre RSX comeback inside TDZ MomenTicks

─ New templates

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #788 ---
UPDATES:

─ Added Z-score or Fib multiplier button-based parameter for VP-R tools' VWAP bands
─ Added Z-score or Fib multiplier button-based parameter for TDZ Momenticks' Dynamic Zone bands
─ Optimized Laguerre RSX
─ New templates

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #789 ---
Basic Anchored VWAP chart setup... Or you may check or search youtube to get the general idea of such setup.
↓

--- 帖子 #790 ---
EUR/AUD

--- 帖子 #791 ---
USD/JPY

--- 帖子 #792 ---
UPDATES:

─ TDZ MomenTicks: Got optimized and revert back other tools within (e.g. RSI haDelta & Laguerre)
─ A minuscule adjustment to DSMA calculation
─ New templates

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #793 ---
USD/JPY

--- 帖子 #794 ---
UPDATES:

─ TDZ MomenTicks: Added Jurik smoothing to RSI Classic and RSI haDelta
─ HA-APB: ...now adaptive
─ New templates and parameter values (e.g. work speed in minutes for TDZ and VPR tools)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #795 ---
VWAP hand-off ─ EUR/USD

--- 帖子 #796 ---
...a hand-off via Z-score based VWAP bands

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #797 ---
Anchored VWAP based on Dominant Cycle Period (next TF) ...number of bars

Current chart TF is H1 and DCP based value is 18 and ironically the value at post time for the next TF's DCP value for H4 is 18 too (usually more or less).

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #798 ---
Anchored VWAP based on a previous day session

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #799 ---
UPDATES:

─ Streamlined features of TDZ and v2v MomenTicks

─ Fixed issues with the adaptive calculation

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #800 ---
This is the FINAL RELEASE of the v2v dynamic trading system for the MT4 platform.

Get it >>> HERE (It will only be recompiled and reuploaded every time there's a new MT4 build)

─ Fixed Global ATR adaptive (custom function)
─ Fixed Volume Profile tools on-zoom behavior (one time update) and revert back to timed execution process (using the update speed parameter)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I'll be starting to concentrate on migrating this system to the MT5 platform soon.

--- 帖子 #801 ---
FINALLY DONE ─ Yes, for real... Indeed, this is the last update of this v2v dynamic trading system for the MT4 platform.

Get it >>> HERE

It will only be recompiled and reuploaded every time there's a new MT4 build

─ Fixed VP-R tool timed execution and zoomed execution... including the volume or tick bar horizontal width
─ Optimized TDZ and v2v MomenTicks
─ New templates and parameter values

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #802 ---
UPDATES RESURRECTED ─ Back to the Matrix for this v2v dynamic trading system for the MT4 platform continues...

Get it >>> HERE

─ Optimized VP-R tools
─ New templates

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #803 ---
USD/JPY
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #804 ---
EUR/CHF
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #805 ---
PIVOT FIBS Plus tool: A guide to adjust your opening session timings...

You may do the following changes every time there is Daylight Saving Time (DST) adjustment
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

...doing so, may provide a piece of accurate information (e.g. previous NY session)
Attached Image

Optional guides based on the following UTC clock below
Attached Image

--- 帖子 #806 ---
Heiken Ashi ─ APB (Average Price Bar) with Price Action Channel (PAC) T3 MAs (in thinner gaps) & Average Price

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image

--- 帖子 #807 ---
v2v dynamic trading system's value areas...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #808 ---
J.Perl concept... A classic approach when trading with VWAP and PVP (Peak Volume Price or the so-called Point Of Control - POC)

...download the collected information about his strategy >>> HERE

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #809 ---
Another Volume Profile trading concept... a viable 10-pip target

To know more... Download and read this ebook below

Attached File(s)   Volume_Profile_The_insider's_guide.pdf

6.6 MB
|
2,136 downloads

--- 帖子 #810 ---
A confluence via the directional flow of a T3 MA using Neural Network

e.g. GBP/USD
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #811 ---
Anchored Volume Weighted Average Price (AVWAP) Overview

Inserted Video

--- 帖子 #812 ---
AVWAP confluence chart setup

--- 帖子 #813 ---
Volume ─ Market Profile ─ MESCH Method
Inserted Video

--- 帖子 #814 ---
The v2v dynamic trading system uses global variables extensively. Below are the maintenance steps that you may follow:

MT4 global variable maintenance: Press "F3" on your keyboard to delete all or selectively (press Ctrl-A on your keyboard) the global variable(s) Or take a look at the image below which shows the built-in on-chart global variable maintenance trigger.  Attached Image

--- 帖子 #815 ---
UPDATES:

─ a little process optimization with the VP-R tools

Get it >>> HERE

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #816 ---
GBP/USD

If this is your first time using my v2v dynamic trading system or setting up your chart under D1 TF (with this instrument - e.g. GBP/USD). Please make sure to follow the steps shared herein at Post #1:  ...to load enough volume/tick history.

Daily TF
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #817 ---
Learn more about Volume Profile and VWAP

Inserted Video

Inserted Video

Inserted Video

--- 帖子 #818 ---
EUR/USD:

Daily TF
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

or

H1 TF
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #819 ---
UPDATES:

1) TDZ MomenTicksAdded RSI and RSX McGinley ─ the comeback 2) When the current TF DCP value is higher than the next TF, swap each other's DCP valueTDZ MomenTicks period swap v2v Top Correlation Auto-generated ATR 1 & ATR 2 value swap VP-R tools ATR ─ MVWAP value swap Regression Analysis RAH value swap  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

3) v2v MomenTicksLaguerre TVI calculation improvement  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #820 ---
Current Release
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #821 ---
USD/JPY

--- 帖子 #822 ---
UPDATES:

1) TDZ MomenTicks
─ added vertical line as a border between closed & open bar
─ VHF calculation improvement

2) New templates and parameter defaults

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #823 ---
USD/JPY
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #824 ---
UPDATES:

─ Price: Linear Weighted Momentum: Improved custom ATR adaptive calculation
─ New templates

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #825 ---
Current release:

─ New templates

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #826 ---
GBP/USD

--- 帖子 #827 ---
UPDATES:  Forex Fixings feature with PIVOT FIB plus

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #828 ---
An UPDATE... new templates
...and parameter defaults

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #829 ---
EUR/USD
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #830 ---
UPDATES:

─ Trade Session Range: Average Session Range (ASR):  Fixed Broker calculation for 9-day in the span of an 8-hour range

─ Updated the disconnection handler: If your MT4 client got disconnected due to an internet connection problem or server-side issue

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #831 ---
AUD/USD

--- 帖子 #832 ---
Using VWAP with Heiken Ashi
Inserted Video

--- 帖子 #833 ---
Average Session Range (ASR) and Forex Fixing

--- 帖子 #834 ---
GBP/USD

--- 帖子 #835 ---
UPDATES:  Neural Network...

─ New templates and default parameters

─ On-Zoom (+/-) VP-R update process fixed

─ On-Chart drag vertical line update process fixed

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #836 ---
UPDATES:

─ Higher to Lower  time frame switching fix or vice-versa (e.g. M30 jump to D1 or D1 down to M30)
─ New templates and default parameter values.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #837 ---
15th Percentile ─ 50th Percentile (Median) ─ 85th Percentile

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #838 ---
Optimized... v2v dynamic trading system

...VP-R tool... Horizontal tick/volume bar historical position now maintained
...Handling of Vertical line guide positioning: Fixed switching behavior
...new templates

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #839 ---
UPDATES:

─ Removed Short & Long DSMA
─ Modified the reset behavior "v2v or vpr" button under VP-R tools' vertical line guides, and its on-load behavior.
─ New templates

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #840 ---
UPDATES:

─ Modifications applied to the reset button "vpr or v2v" for vertical line guides' positioning and tick data horizon.
─ New templates

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #841 ---
USD/CAD

--- 帖子 #842 ---
USD/CHF

--- 帖子 #843 ---
GBP/USD
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #844 ---
Optimized... v2v dynamic trading system

─ Re-arrange the navigational buttons
─ DCP button was removed... Background generation of DCP values remains.
─ New templates

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #845 ---
I'm thinking of adding the classic standard deviation bands as an option.  This is like the classic market/volume profile tools out there.

Currently, the bands you're seeing as described on the first post (post #1) herein are based on Average Range (ATR or Average (N) Daily, Weekly, and Monthly Range.  This is for the band size width while using the statistical Z-score or Fibonacci-based calculation with MVWAP or classic VWAP value as its starting point for band expansion (+/-)

--- 帖子 #846 ---
Optimized... v2v dynamic trading system

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #847 ---
GOLD

--- 帖子 #848 ---
EUR/USD

--- 帖子 #849 ---
Recompiled... and optimized for the new MT4 build 1350 (14th October 2021)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #850 ---
The current release... v2v dynamic trading systemReset button: On-trigger ─> Reposition the vertical line guides and check for data horizon breach.
This will change tick/volume data source to... e.g. _Period == H4 ? PERIOD_M5 : _Period == D1 ? PERIOD_M15 : _Period > D1 ? PERIOD_M30 : PERIOD_M1 New templates and parameter updates  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Re-uploaded...
Get it >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #851 ---
Streamlined... v2v dynamic trading system

─ Removed MVWAP bands (due to on-load recalculation of bars ─ MT4 known issue) and kept the classic VWAP bands calculation
─ New templates

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #852 ---
CAD/JPY

--- 帖子 #853 ---
Nearing the finish line... v2v dynamic trading systemPut back the MVWAP feature as it now handles the on-load recalculation of bars problem. New templates and parameters (navigational button repositioning)  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #854 ---
Dynamic Ichimoku... Reimagined for the v2v dynamic trading system

USD/JPY
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

AUD/CAD
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

AUD/USD
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

An Ichimoku overview...
Inserted Video

─ An experimental release only
─ New templates included

Get it >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #855 ---
Dynamic Ichimoku... got optimized for the v2v dynamic trading system

Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #856 ---
The Wall

--- 帖子 #857 ---
Execution process improvement... v2v dynamic trading system

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #858 ---
Just an update... v2v dynamic trading system

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #859 ---
GOLD

--- 帖子 #860 ---
USD/JPY

--- 帖子 #861 ---
Adaptive improvement... for the  v2v dynamic trading system

Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #862 ---
Dynamic Ichimoku...
─ Now both the lag and leading line is using the smoothing filters (DSMA, T3-JMA)
─ new templates

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #863 ---
Optimized the execution process during off-market hours... v2v dynamic trading system

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

─ New templates

Get it >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #864 ---
Dynamic Ichimoku... An alternative release for v2v dynamic trading system

─ Tech applied: ATR price Adaptive and T3 Hull MA
─ New templates

Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #865 ---
v2v dynamic trading system...

─ Dynamic Ichimoku:  default parameters/colors update
─ Regression Analysis navigation button:  position changed
─ New templates and default parameter updates

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it »»» HERE

--- 帖子 #866 ---
v2v dynamic trading system

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Download « HERE »

--- 帖子 #867 ---
USD/JPY

--- 帖子 #868 ---
Dynamic MyRSI with NET (Noise Elimination Technology)

Inside the December of 2020 issue of TASC Magazine, John Ehlers published an indicator called MyRSI with NET (Noise Elimination Technology) in which he uses a sort of Kendall (auto)correlation to filter out signals. This release contains the initial works posted by mladen (4th November 2021) @ MetaQuotes domain codebase or >>> here.

MyRSI
Is an RSI alike version of the well-known RSI indicator where the output is range-bound between -1 and 1 values. The indicator accrues Closes up and Closes down and plots their ratio divided by their sum.

Noise Elimination Technique
As a noise elimination technique, we are using a slightly modified and simplified version of Kendall Correlation that allows us to use it on a single indicator. In general Kendall, Correlation is used to measure an association between two sets of variables.

And with this release, I added the following features and functions under the v2v dynamic trading system architecture:

─ Dynamically generated number of Periods using the DCP (Dominant Cycle Period) tool. Hence, it works ONLY with the v2v dynamic trading system.
─ This is using HA-APB based desired Price calculation (e.g. HA-APB Close, HA-APB Open, HA-APB Typical, HA-APB Weighted... etc.)
─ Applied Tech: ATR price adaptive, DSMA, and MomenTicks
─ Dz (Dynamic zone) Bands using ATR based calculation
─ Added the classic and hidden Divergence (as dots). Plus... An option to choose NET (as default) or MyRSI based Div.

Attached File(s)   Noise Elimination Technology.pdf

291 KB
|
430 downloads

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Download « HERE »

--- 帖子 #869 ---
An Update: Dynamic MyRSI with NET v1.06

Besides the existing Divergence parameter options based on NET or MyRSI...

─ Here comes an added feature wherein you can choose the default Dz Bands based on NET (as default) or MyRSI

Attached Image

NET Dz Bands: The Classic Setup
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

MyRSI Bands: An Optional Setup
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Upcoming updates...
─ Button based navigation through various options
─ PolyChromatic slope change based on NET or MyRSI Dz Bands with an option to mirror the polychrome colors to the Heiken Ashi Bars at the main chart window.
─ MTF option

Go get it <<< HERE >>>

--- 帖子 #870 ---
System optimizations... v2v dynamic trading system

─ Set up a default timeframe tick/volume work data source that dynamically changes upon data horizon (not)breached.
─ Completely fused dynamic MyRSI with NET to v2v dynamic system flow (e.g. integrated inside disconnection handlers)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Go get it <<< HERE >>>

--- 帖子 #871 ---
USD/JPY

dynamic MyRSI with NET:   parameter ATR Bands plotted by choosing MyRSI (default is NET)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #872 ---
Dynamic MyRSI with NET (Noise Elimination Technology) ─ fused with the v2v dynamic trading system
...added buttons to change default parameter values

More info here >>> about MyRSI with NET
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Download the full system >>> HERE
...with updated templates

--- 帖子 #873 ---
Dynamic MyRSI with NET v1.11  ─ fused with v2v dynamic trading system

─ Updated process flow and fix minor issues with the applied price filter
─ For a bit of improvement in terms of loading and process, I added the automatic generation of the number of bars for such.
─ New templates

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Download the full system >>> HERE
...with updated templates

--- 帖子 #874 ---
Another variation of MyRSI with NET... a stand-alone release

─ based on the one fused with the v2v dynamic trading system herein.

Dz MyRSI with NET v1.11

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Download this tool >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #875 ---
Dynamic MyRSI with NET ( Noise Elimination Technology)

─ Fixed issues with both releases: Stand-alone release and the one fused with v2v dynamic trading system
─ Disable access parameter buttons when loading: Applied on both releases.
─ Added disconnection handler with the stand-alone release
─ Updated templates

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

─ The differences between the stand-alone (well, sort of) and the v2v trading system release are the followings...
(1) This one doesn't have a detection feature for the sudden surge of volatility (...replaced with work speed in minutes - parameter adjustment), and
(2) the work data source doesn't use the data horizon feature (quality tick/volume data usage) whenever it moves from TF to TF. Instead, it uses the current TF only
(3) With this stand-alone release, it has its own ON/OFF control via global variables.
(4) Plus, a reactive behavior whenever the MT4 disconnected due to internet or broker server issues.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get them >>> HERE
...with updated templates

--- 帖子 #876 ---
Dynamic MyRSI with NET and v2v dynamic trading system

─ Just got optimized

Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get them >>> HERE
...with updated templates

--- 帖子 #877 ---
Dynamic MyRSI with NET and v2v dynamic trading system

─ DCP tool got updated with a static value of 3.6 seconds work speed.
─ Added button switch (ON/OFF) using DCP tool with MyRSI with NET
─ Now, it has three based (Dz) bands selection ( NET, MyRSI and MyRSI & NET)
─ Updated templates

Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

re-uploaded...
Get it >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #878 ---
Dynamic MyRSI with NET and v2v dynamic trading system

─ Added button for Price type (e.g. HA APB (best formula) Close, HA APB (best formula) Delta... etc.)
─ Maximum period or length to use (auto-generated or via input parameter) is 27 and the minimum is 9
─ Updated templates

Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get them >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #879 ---
Dynamic MyRSI with NET and v2v dynamic trading system

─ MyRSI with NET:
1) Added VHF (Vertical Horizontal Filter)
2) Improved fetching, and processing of the generated DCP value

─ New templates

Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get them >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #880 ---
Dynamic MyRSI with NET and v2v dynamic trading system

─ MyRSI with NET got optimized and the indicator buffer line width got updated according to the chart scale.
─ Updated templates: Please make sure to load it due to changes in the buffer line draw order.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it here >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #881 ---
Dynamic MyRSI with NET and v2v dynamic trading system

─ Added next timeframe button or MTF mode for dynamic MyRSI with NET
─ Updated templates

Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #882 ---
Dynamic MyRSI with NET and v2v dynamic trading system

─ Dz MyRSI with NET and TDZ MomenTicks: Added DCP threshold control for auto-generated input number for Period/Length: The threshold control scope is within the window time of assigned works speed time. Still on the experimental stage, and there might be another way of handling this. Such us, assigned its own time window.
─ Fixed small issue with Anchored VWAP tool
─ Updated templates

Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #883 ---
Dynamic MyRSI with NET and v2v dynamic trading system

─ Add auto line width input control option: Default = true... under v2v system, and Default = false... for the stand-alone
─ Removed temporarily the DCP threshold value check feature
─ Fixed issue with fib/z-score band multiplier, and while in VHF mode = ON
─ Divergence is disabled in MTF (next TF) mode while all other parameter based buttons are enabled,
─ New templates

Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #884 ---
Dynamic MyRSI with NET and v2v dynamic trading system

─ Just got optimized...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #885 ---
Preparing to upload this release...
─ Added the RSI and RSX to act as a Filter for dynamic MyRSI with NET.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #886 ---
Dynamic MyRSI with NET and v2v dynamic trading system

─ Added RSI and RSX to act as a filter for dynamic MyRSI with NET.

─ Updated templates

Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #887 ---
Dynamic MyRSI with NET and v2v dynamic trading system

The dynamic MyRSI with NET just got an upgrade.
─ Now... with T3 HMA technology!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #888 ---
AUD/USD

--- 帖子 #889 ---
Dynamic MyRSI with NET and v2v dynamic trading system

─ Optimized

Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #890 ---
Dynamic MyRSI with NET and v2v dynamic trading system

─ Added RSI line color change: On ─ Dz middle band cross, Slope change, and No color change.
─ New templates

Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #891 ---
v2v dynamic trading system

Now... The dawn of the new era has begun. The Dynamic MyRSI with NET (Noise Elimination Technology) officially took the sub-window that was previously occupied by the TDZ MomenTicks under the umbrella of the v2v system.

Thank you for your service TDZ!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #892 ---
USD/JPY
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #893 ---
USD/JPY

--- 帖子 #894 ---
v2v dynamic trading system

─ Enabled Divergence on Next TF (MTF mode) for dynamic MyRSI with NET (v2v system-dependent release)
─ Optimized recursive HA-based calculation

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #895 ---
v2v dynamic trading system

─ Optimized for faster execution process on the following tools:
1) VP-R (Volume Profile - Range)
2) dynamic MyRSI with NET
3) Heiken Ashi - APB
4) Regression Analysis tool

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #896 ---
v2v dynamic trading system

UPDATES:

1) Volume Profile - Range (VP-R):
─ A semi-automatic data source (tick/volume) setup applied: Now, with global v2v system data source input selection (M1, M5, M15, M30... and H1, H4)
─ An optional parameter input value for VWAP band multiplier besides the existing Z-score or Fibonacci number selected value.

2) dynamic MyRSI with NET:  a v2v system-dependent release
─ An optional parameter input value for Dz band multiplier besides the existing Z-score or Fibonacci number selected value.
─ And as designed, all parameter values are applied on both time frame modes (Current TF and Next TF)

3) Below are the tools that utilized the global v2v system data source input selection via the VP-R tool:
─ Anchored VP-R
─ dynamic MyRSI with NET
─ DCP tool
─ Regression Analysis
─ PIVOT FIB plus
─ Heiken Ashi - APB
─ Neural Network
─ v2v MomenTicks

4) New templates

Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it HERE

--- 帖子 #897 ---
v2v dynamic trading system

UPDATES:

─ Added D1 & W1 input selection for the global data source (tick/volume)
─ Fixed slowness in MTF (Next TF) mode
─ New templates

Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #898 ---
v2v dynamic trading system

─ Added a button for Global data source (tick/volume) selection.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #899 ---
AUD/USD

--- 帖子 #900 ---
v2v dynamic trading system ─ for MT4 platform

A project-looking glass by v2v...

A trading system reimagined for the retail trading environment built with Tesla footprints and dynamically driven by Dominant Cycle Period (DCP) fueled by MomenTicks ─ A linear volume-weighted momentum.

The v2v dynamic trading system is not the usual thing out there. It doesn't have any directional arrows and trigger alerts for long/buy or short/sell signals. For such, it needs critical thinking of the One in between the keyboard and a chair. Yes, that is you.

The system requires One's due diligence to understand or to know more about this system. Sadly, it may take some precious time to finish the user manual due to constant development/updates.

Having said that, don't forget to...

This is a discretionary trader-designed system or for someOne with a systematic trading plan/strategy. Thus, it may help to manage trades or position existing positions... Otherwise, come up with an overall/average directional probability.

Get it >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #901 ---
EUR/AUD
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #902 ---
Below you will find video resources and a PDF document that should kick-start your way to financial freedom!

Well, the above statement is just an example of a predatory statement or a typical marketing scheme on how to dupe noobs and/or gullible traders out there. I just put those words herein only as a tool to spark interest in the shared resources below. Also, I was thinking that these may help to decide whether to add or use this ambitious trading system as part of your trading arsenal.

Get it >>> HERE

Volume Profile ─ Basic Concepts
Inserted Video

The MESCH Method
Inserted Video

Using VWAP (Volume Weighted Average Price)
Inserted Video

Anchored VWAP
Inserted Video

Swing Trading using Volume Profile
Inserted Video

Volume Profile: The Insider's Guide eBook:
Attached File(s)   Volume_Profile_The_insider's_guide.pdf

6.6 MB
|
937 downloads

--- 帖子 #903 ---
EUR/AUD

--- 帖子 #904 ---
GBP/JPY

--- 帖子 #905 ---
It is now a bit faster in the on-load execution process.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #906 ---
v2v dynamic trading system ─ for MT4 platform

A project-looking glass by v2v...

A trading system reimagined for the retail trading environment built with Tesla footprints and dynamically driven by Dominant Cycle Period (DCP) fueled by MomenTicks ─ A linear volume-weighted momentum.

The v2v dynamic trading system is not the usual thing out there. It doesn't have any directional arrows and trigger alerts for long/buy or short/sell signals. For such, it needs critical thinking of the One in between the keyboard and a chair. Yes, that is you.

The system requires One's due diligence to understand or to know more about this system. Sadly, it may take some precious time to finish the user manual due to constant development/updates.

Having said that, don't forget to...

This is a discretionary trader-designed system or for someOne with a systematic trading plan/strategy. Thus, it may help to manage trades or position existing positions... Otherwise, come up with an overall/average directional probability.

✍ A gentle reminder...

─ Keep this in mind... There's always room for improvement in this system.
─ Ideas/suggestions are welcome but don't expect to be added or considered.

But before anything else... Kindly note, that you may start to feel that you've entered the Matrix while reading the below information for you to identify what is real and what is not. However, this all depends on what pill you took from Morpheus ; )─ Otherwise, you might start to feel resurrected. And don't worry, you should be just fine.

Other times, you might suddenly see a Black Cat just walk by, and then followed by another that behaves the same way. And then, you ask yourself... Is it a Deja vu? Again, don't worry... It simply means that I'm currently altering the codes of the v2v dynamic trading system ; )─

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it HERE

--- 帖子 #907 ---
v2v dynamic trading system ─ for MT4 platform

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it HERE

--- 帖子 #908 ---
v2v dynamic trading system... One More Average ( OMA )

UPDATES:
─ Removed Parabolic inside HA-APB tool,
─ and added the OMA (One More Average).
─ Optimized HA-APB and dynamic MyRSI with NET
─ New templates

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #909 ---
EUR/GBP

--- 帖子 #910 ---
GBP/JPY

--- 帖子 #911 ---
v2v dynamic trading system ─ Tesla footprints inside...

UPDATES:
─ Optimized access to global variables
─ New templates

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #912 ---
AUD/CAD

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #913 ---
GOLD

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #914 ---
USD/CHF

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #915 ---
AUD/USD

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #916 ---
Re-uploaded... PIVOT FIB plus: Fixed Forex fixing selection

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #917 ---
GBP/JPY

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #918 ---
PRICE AUCTION using Volume Profile and Quartiles with nice to have confluences...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Inserted Video

--- 帖子 #919 ---
v2v dynamic trading system  ─ One More Average...

UPDATES:
─ HA-APB: One More Average (OMA) ─ Autoconfiguration applied when the working timeframe is greater than D1
─ OMA: Apply a Vertical Horizontal Filter (VHF): Default is true
─ Fixed a minor issue during TF switching process behavior with the dynamic MyRSI with NET tool.
─ New templates

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #920 ---
The start of Frankfurt Fx Fixing...

Now where to? ; )─

GBP/JPY
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #921 ---
GBP/JPY

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #922 ---
Happy Holidays!!! ...from the creator of v2v dynamic trading system

The gift of giving continued throughout the years with this systematically crafted trading system for FREE by v2v

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Enjoy the Holidays, and have a more blessed New Year... 2022

Get this wonderful gift... A systematically crafted trading system powered by your own free will.

Download it >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #923 ---
v2v dynamic trading system

─ updated PIVOT FIB plus

─ new templates

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Download it >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #924 ---
I fixed the issue for this stand-alone release of dynamic MyRSI with NET

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #925 ---
The current release... v2v dynamic trading system

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #926 ---
EUR/AUD

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #927 ---
EUR/AUD: range volume profile... with M30 Chart ─ HA-APB candles in MTF mode (H1)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

...with range volume profile + weekly statistical quartiles at 70%

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #928 ---
v2v dynamic trading system

─ move system control (via global variable) from HA-APB indicator to DC Period tool.
─ new templates

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #929 ---
v2v dynamic trading system

─ optimizations done
─ new templates

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #930 ---
v2v dynamic trading system

─ Added color change for MyRSI line crossing the NET line <<< Enabled ONLY if the band type selected is "MyRSI.NET"
─ Added ON/OFF switch for dynamic MyRSI with NET <<< While OFF (standby mode), it will not execute unneeded processes.
─ Optimizations done
─ New templates

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #931 ---
USD/CAD

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #932 ---
EUR/USD

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #933 ---
USD/JPY

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #934 ---
Dynamic MyRSI with NET... an update

Added next-next TF parameter option (e.g. M30 jump to H4)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> here  ...and the v2v dynamic trading system got re-uploaded

--- 帖子 #935 ---
Recursive Heiken-Ashi ─ APB

This is similar but not very similar ; )─ from the one inside the v2v dynamic trading system.

The tool implements the idea of nesting and convergence of calculations of the well-known Heiken Ashi indicator.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Other features/functions that use the DCP Tool (Dynamic Period Calculation):
─ One More Average (OMA) line
─ MA price line averages (high, low, average)

Get it >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #936 ---
v2v dynamic trading system... updates:

─ DCP tool: Added an auto-generated (calculation) of period/length for the next-next timeframe
─ Dynamic MyRSI with NET: Can now use the DCP generated value for the next-next TF period/length
─ HA-APB: Got optimized
─ New templates

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #937 ---
v2v dynamic trading system

Added the Next-Next Time Frame feature with Heiken-Ashi ─ APB
...And streamlined the execution for ON/OFF MTF switching
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #938 ---
USD/CAD
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #939 ---
...just doodling

--- 帖子 #940 ---
New to the v2v dynamic trading system?

Do the following maintenance steps.
A) Delete not needed indicators or tools inside your indicator folder
B) Delete Global variables ─ old/new must be deleted
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

C) Before loading the v2v dynamic trading system, please read the following steps below. And make sure to do the same steps with all the currency pairs or instruments to load enough tick/volume history.

1 ─ Open an M1 chart
2 ─ Press the "F2" key to load History Center
3 ─ Navigate to the currency pair and the "1 Minute (M1)" history data for the chart you have open in your terminal (be sure to "double click" the "1 Minute (M1)" selection in the history center so it becomes the active selection)
then left-click once on any of the data rows in the right-hand window of the History Center (it doesn't matter which one)
4 ─ Click the "Add" button, this pops up another window titled "Bar" and the default selection is on the "year"
5 ─ Enter 1970
6 ─ Then select "OK"... and it creates a new bar with the timestamp and price info you just added.
7 ─ Now select "Close" in the History Center
8 ─ Attached a script located under "Scripts" folder (with v2v_dynamic_system.zip) >>> Attached this to your chart: ForceLoadHistoricalData.ex4
9 ─ Navigate to your M1 chart of interest and then from the terminal window (press Ctrl-T) select "Journal "-> go to main chart window and right-click mouse button and select "Refresh"...this will refresh the chart and attempts to fill any time gaps in the chart data (which now includes your year 1970 data point) with server data
10 ─ continued... Now your chart will have pulled anywhere from 2048 to 65536 M1 bars from your broker's server (not Metaquotes server) and is usually far more data than you can get the broker to cough up when you try and manually scroll your M1 chart back in time.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

D) ...And finally, change the parameter value of the MT4 platform by going to the Options window (Max bars in history)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

E) Make sure to load the attached template. There's an order of loading the tools within this system as one tool depends on another. Meaning, you cannot simply attach one-by-one or use one or two tools only.

F) From time to time you may need to click this reset button...
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Note:
Most of the users who consistently use the v2v system are usually loading this from another computer or another instance of the MT4 platform to generate their own technical bias.

Another thing to note is that... From the backend side of your Broker's MT4 server, they can set a bandwidth limit for each instrument or currency pair (even less on the MT4 demo server).
Hence, those major pairs, crosses, or instruments load faster compared to others. And since this v2v dynamic trading system processes tick/data intensively, it may add additional load. Even more so, as most of the tools within the v2v system are doing recursive calculation (at least three cycles and the others are six)

--- 帖子 #941 ---
v2v dynamic trading system... updates

─ optimized VP-R tools' vertical horizontal sync with HA-APB tool
─ optimized Global data source (tick/data) sync with VP-R tools
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it  >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #942 ---
A petition... For the safety of Ukraine's people

http://openpetition.eu/!stopwar

Yes, you can share the link above.  Thank you!

--- 帖子 #943 ---
v2v dynamic trading system

─ optimized handling of vertical line guides on-load behavior.
─ dynamic MyRSI with NET: made an update to put zero (Ze0) line-level cross

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The current release of the v2v dynamic trading system
Click >>> v2v system . . .re-uploaded

On the other hand below... It contains only the DCP tool and Dynamic MyRSI with NET
Click >>> MyRSI with NET.  . .re-uploaded

And this one... Is a Recursive Heiken-Ashi (RHA) ─ Average Price Bar (APB) only, but requires a DCP tool.
Click >> Recursive HA-APB

For more info... Go >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #944 ---
GOLD

--- 帖子 #945 ---
I may be doin' minor coding adjustment to my custom trading tools for big TV screens...

--- 帖子 #946 ---
Nah... I just need to play around the Windows display settings and/or change the hdmi cable to fixed the scaling.

--- 帖子 #947 ---
✜ v2v dynamic .trading system ✜

The current release... of v2v dynamic trading system
Compiled with MetaEditor v5.0 build 2399 ─ 21 July 2022
For MetaTrader v4.0 build 1359 ─ 26 July 2022

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it HERE

--- 帖子 #948 ---
GBP/USD:  M30 chart TF using Heiken Ashi H1 MTF candles
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #949 ---
✜ v2v dynamic trading system ✜

The current release of the v2v dynamic trading system

─ modified on-load auto-generation of DCP values (period /or length)

─ resolved an issue on changing the GMT offset value (PIVOT FIBS plus)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it HERE

--- 帖子 #950 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #951 ---
✜ v2v dynamic trading system ✜

─ Fused the so-called SmoothStep technology inside the dynamic MyRSI with NET
─ Fixed issues with top-down execution data-dependency (improved process execution)
─ New templates

Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #952 ---
dynamic MyRSI with NET
...fused with mladen's SmoothStep (generalized) ─ more info here

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #953 ---
✜ v2v dynamic trading system ✜

─ Fixed main on-chart click execution trigger for some tools (removed unnecessary execution trigger)

─ Enabled MTF calculation for SmoothStep

─ New templates/parameter default values.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #954 ---
EUR/USD:  M30

--- 帖子 #955 ---
✜ v2v dynamic trading system ✜

─ Updated dynamic MyRSI with NET

─ New templates/parameter default values.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #956 ---
SmoothStep function fused inside the dynamic MyRSI - NET

Returns a value from 0 to 1 that represents a parameter's proportional distance between a minimum and maximum value.  The SmoothStep function lets you increase an attribute such as Opacity from 0 to 1 gradually, but nonlinearly, over a time range.

Some more information on SmoothStep is available here >>> SmoothStep - Wikipedia

An initial experiment (mql coded) was shared here >>> https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...0#post13979010

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #957 ---
Fusion testing.... between dynamic MyRSI with NET and SmoothStep

--- 帖子 #958 ---
EUR/USD... continuous testing: dynamic MyRSI - NET with Smooth Step
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #959 ---
...system testing continues

EUR/USD

--- 帖子 #960 ---
SmoothStep function
Inserted Video

--- 帖子 #961 ---
USD/CAD

--- 帖子 #962 ---
USD/CAD... continuous testing: dynamic MyRSI - NET with SmoothStep function

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #963 ---
EUR/USD
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #964 ---
EUR/USD ...testing continues

--- 帖子 #965 ---
✜ v2v dynamic trading system ✜

─ slight speed improvement

GBP/JPY... testing continues
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it HERE

--- 帖子 #966 ---
✜ v2v dynamic trading system ✜

─ True to form fusion update for dynamic MyRSI-NET with SmoothStep function
─ New templates and parameter default values

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it HERE

--- 帖子 #967 ---
...thinking of a fusion of dynamic MyRSI-NET with  mladen's ADXm(experiment)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #968 ---
✜ v2v dynamic trading system ✜

─ An improved dynamic MyRSI - NET with SmoothStep function

─ New templates / parameter defaults

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it HERE

--- 帖子 #969 ---
✜ v2v dynamic trading system ✜

─ Fixed reported issue with dynamic MyRSI-NET with SmoothStep

─ New templates / parameter defaults

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it HERE

--- 帖子 #970 ---
✜ v2v dynamic trading system ✜

☛ dynamic My NET (Noise Elimination Technology) with SmoothStep function... just got ELEGANT!

In a unique update for dynamic MyNET with SmoopthStep function, "An Elegant Oscillator: Inverse Fisher Transform Redux," author John Ehlers (At TASC Magazine article - February 2022) explains how he uses the inverse Fisher transform to create an indicator he calls the elegant oscillator.

First, he describes the Fisher transform before explaining the inverse Fisher transform, which provides normalization by dividing the root mean square (RMS) value into the waveform.

The elegant oscillator can spot reversion-to-the-mean opportunities with improved timing capabilities.

Note: The initial release by mladen can be found >>> here

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

─ a proper name (changed) for this tool: "dynamic MyNET with SmoothStep"
─ fused the elegant oscillator
─ new templates/parameters

Get it HERE

--- 帖子 #971 ---
dynamic My NET (Noise Elimination Technology) with SmoothStep function

Update:
─ Just minor correction to the on-button text info in divergence button

So far... the fused technologies used by this tool are listed below.

1) For MyRSI, MyRSX, MyRSI.NET, MyRSX.NET, MyT3I, and MyT3X:

HMA, DSMA, MomentTicks, VHF, Jurik, 2-pass recursive calculation (HA-APB based), ATR adaptive, RSI, RSX, T3,
DCP-based period/length/bandEdge (dynamic), Datasource (M1/M5...M30), SmoothStep, and NET

2) For MyReg, MyNet, MyEle, MyReg.NET, and MyEle.NET:

HMA, DSMA, VHF, MomenTicks, Jurik, 2-pass recursive calculation (HA-APB based), ATR adaptive,
DCP-based period/length/bandEdge (dynamic), Datasource (M1/M5...M30), SmoothStep, and NET

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it HERE

--- 帖子 #972 ---
Testing this arsenal of eleven+ tools in one oscillator known as dynamic MyNET with SmoothStep function  ; )─

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #973 ---
...testing continues

--- 帖子 #974 ---
I just put the haDelta back inside the Price selection for dynamic MyRSI-NET with SmoothStep function

─ a minor code housekeeping ; )─

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it HERE

--- 帖子 #975 ---
dynamic MyNET with SmoothStep function

─ Improved the HA-based calculation for the SmoothStep function

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it HERE

--- 帖子 #976 ---
Testing continues... For SmoothStep function and the Elegant Oscillator that got fused inside the dynamic MyNET

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #977 ---
The final release for August 2022:

v2v dynamic trading system: Summary of Updates

─ Added the SmoothStep function

─ Added the amazing... Elegant Oscillator

─ Improved HA-based calculation to work with SmoothStep function

─ New parameter defaults and templates

─ Adapt 2x recursive calculation only

─ Put back the haDelta

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #978 ---
Upcoming updates for September 2022

dynamic MyNET with SmoothStep function

─ ADXm Regular and Double (experiment) = based on this one »»» here
─ Elegant Oscillator (reborn) = based on this one »»» here

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #979 ---
The ala Philadelphia Experiment... updates for the v2v dynamic trading system

UPDATES: A fusion with dynamic MyNET
─ ADXm Regular & Double: Rebirth out of wedlock ; )─
─ Elegant Oscillator: Reborn out of boredom ; )─

─ New templates and default parameters

ADX is a very popular indicator and its elaborated form is the Average Directional Movement. The traders rely on this indicator to assess the strength of the trend. But using the traditional ADX requires a perfect understanding of the highs and lows of the market. To make things easier, the developers have created ADXm Indicator

Now, here comes the ADXm fusion with dynamic MyNET with SmoothStep function.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it »»» HERE

--- 帖子 #980 ---
TASC's January 2022 edition Traders' Tips includes the "(Yet Another Improved) RSI Enhanced With Hann Windowing" article authored by John Ehlers. Once again John Ehlers revolutionizes the RSI indicator.

By employing a Hann windowed finite impulse response filter (FIR), John Ehlers has enhanced the "Relative Strength Indicator" (RSI) to provide an improved oscillator with exceptional smoothness.

The method of calculations using "closes up" and "closes down" from Welles Wilder's RSI described in his 1978 book is still inherent to Ehlers enhanced formula. However, a finite impulse response (FIR) Hann windowing technique is employed following the closes up/down calculations instead of the original Wilder infinite impulse response averaging filter. The resulting oscillator waveform is confined between +/-1.0 with a 0.0 centerline regardless of chart interval, as opposed to Wilder's original formulation, which was confined between 0 and 100 with a centerline of 50. On any given trading timeframe, the value of Ehlers' enhanced RSI found above the centerline typically represents an overvalued region, while undervalued regions are typically found below the centerline.

In this update to the v2v dynamic trading system is a fusion between RSI with Hann windowing (RSI H) and dynamic MyNET. In such a fusion between the two, RSI H is reborn with inherent features/functions shared within the v2v dynamic trading system architecture.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it »»» HERE

--- 帖子 #981 ---
✜ v2v dynamic trading system ✜

Updates:
─ Recursive calculation: parameter option (ON/OFF)
─ Heiken Ashi - APB: streamlined/optimized
─ Optimized dynamic MyNET with added divergence dots (div.Mid) and enabled custom color change.
─ NEW templates/parameter defaults:   a must for an orderly top-to-down execution

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it »»» HERE

--- 帖子 #982 ---
TASC's December 2021 edition Traders' Tips includes the "The DMH: Directional Movement indicator with Hann windowing" article authored by John Ehlers. This study offers an improvement over the classic directional movement indicator developed by J. Welles Wilder by applying a finite impulse response (FIR) filter using Hann window coefficients.

The calculation starts with the classic definition of PlusDM and MinusDM. These directional movements are summed in an exponential moving average (EMA). Then, this EMA is further smoothed in FIR filter using Hann window coefficients over the calculation period.

In this update to the v2v dynamic trading system is a fusion between DMH and dynamic MyNET. In this fusion between the two, it inherits the features/functions shared within the v2v dynamic trading system architecture.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it »»» HERE

--- 帖子 #983 ---
✜ v2v dynamic trading system ✜

Updates: for dynamic MyNET
─ Added 3nity button loop (access to a 3-tool set): Such as...
Group 1 = RSI Regular, RSX, RSH: RSI with Hann windowing
Group 2 = T3I, T3X, Elegant Oscillator,
Group 3 = Regular ADXm, ADXm of ADxm, DMH: Directional Movement using Hann windowing

─ New templates

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

RE-ATTACHED... Fixed the MTF and Divergence for ADXm / DMH with dynamic MyNET

Get it »»» HERE

--- 帖子 #984 ---
✜ v2v dynamic trading system ✜

Updates: for dynamic MyNET

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Added Quantitative Qualitative Estimation (QQE) using RSI with Hann windowing
─ MA method: Double Smooth Exponential Moving Average (embedded input)
─ Smooth length: (int) ceil(global.period/3)
─ WP default value: 4.236

Updated 3nity-set of tools...
Group 1 = RSI Regular, RSX, RSI with Hann windowing (RSH)
Group 2 = T3I, T3X, Elegant Oscillator,
Group 3 = Regular/Double ADXm, Directional Movement using Hann windowing (DMH), QQE using RSI with Han windowing

─ Fixed button switches/divergence issues

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it »»» HERE

--- 帖子 #985 ---
Double Trouble... ADXm of ADXm (double)  ; )─
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Simply "Elegant Oscillator"
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The DMH: Directional Movement using Hann windowing
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

RSI using Hann windowing
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #986 ---
...just removed the print logs (debugging purpose)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it the updated release »»» HERE

--- 帖子 #987 ---
✜ v2v dynamic trading system ✜

The many faces of Quantitative Qualitative Estimation (QQE)... under dynamic MyNET

Updated calculations ( experiment )

MyQQE... using RSI with Hann windowing
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

MyQQE.NET using RSI H
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

MyQQE of MyQQE (double) using RSI H
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

MyQQE.NET of MyQQE.NET (double) using RSI H
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get the updated release »»» HERE

--- 帖子 #988 ---
USD/CAD

--- 帖子 #989 ---
Just some updates...

dynamic MyNET:

─ Replaced regular TEMA with Zero-lag TEMA,
─ removed recurring calculation overheads,
─ and done some code optimizations

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it » » » HERE

--- 帖子 #990 ---
EUR/USD... test chart

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #991 ---
test chart

--- 帖子 #992 ---
The HA-APB tool that is part of the v2v dynamic system will be updated soon due to calculation overheads... In the meantime, please use a Japanese candle to display as an option:

--- 帖子 #993 ---
EUR/USD... test chart

--- 帖子 #994 ---
Another some updates...

dynamic MyNET:

─ Updated QQE calculations (QQE of RSI with Hann windowing (RSI H) and QQE of QQE with RSI H.
─ An added variation of RSI H inside the 3nity-tool sets,
─ and done some code optimizations.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it » » » HERE

--- 帖子 #995 ---
EUR/USD... a test chart only
...with dynamic MyNET ─ RSI with Hann windowing ─ under 3nity-tool "RD"

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #996 ---
EUR/USD

...test charts only
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #997 ---
v2v dynamic trading system...

UPDATES:
─ code optimizations to resolve slowness with the following tools:

1) HA-APB
2) dynamic MyNET
3) VPR tools
4) DCP

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #998 ---
EUR/USD ...test charts only

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #999 ---
v2v dynamic trading system... UPDATES

Based on previous feedback (PM) from a user.

PVP is color coded with a default color of Yellow line in dash-dot-dot (Daily, Weekly...etc), VWAP is on white, and Quantile is on Cyan...
QUANTILE_MEDIAN // Median as ["Med" button text]
QUANTILE_QUARTILES Quartiles [Qua]
QUANTILE_DECILES Deciles [Dec]
QUANTILE_70 // 70%: 15% - 50%(Median) - 85% [Q70] - default
QUANTILE_95 // 95%: 2.5% - 50%(Median) - 97.5% [Q95]
QUANTILE_99 // 99%: 0.5% - 50%(Median) - 99.5% [Q99]

e.g...
─ instead of "_P50" or " _P85" it will be "_Q85" or "Q50" on the next update

... another text labeling (button text or lines) to know:

─ "w." weighted
─ "p." previous
─ "c." current

─ "[0]" or "D1_0" = current session (D, Daily... W, Weekly... etc.)
─ "[1]" " or "D1_1" = previous session (D, Daily... W, Weekly... etc.)
...[2] ...[3] ..etc. = previous ses of the previous ses ; )─ got it?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

─ New templates (you may need to delete all objects if needed before loading the new template)

Get it >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #1000 ---
EUR/USD ... test chart

--- 帖子 #1001 ---
Fixed dynamic MyNET:
─ Identified an MTF issues due to the previous update.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #1002 ---
EUR/USD ...test chart

─ not able to capture the up move earlier. Instead, I found a short opportunity.

--- 帖子 #1003 ---
dynamic MyNET, HA-APB, and PIVOT FIBS  ...Fixed some navigational button triggered process issues

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #1004 ---
USD/JPY   ...test chart

--- 帖子 #1005 ---
v2v dynamic trading system... UPDATES

Updated Tools:

1) News Event:
─ Found out about an issue with the Forex News feature. I fixed it by removing (temporarily) the source from forexlive dot com due to the new XML format they provided
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

2) The rest of the tools within the v2v system
─ Got updated with some minor code optimization whenever a disconnection happens with your broker's MT4 server or the internet.

3) New templates  ( a must )

Get it >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #1006 ---
USD/CAD... test chart only

--- 帖子 #1007 ---
NZDUSD & USDCAD... negative correlation... test charts only

--- 帖子 #1008 ---
v2v dynamic system... UPDATES

─ data source processing got optimized (90% of the tools within)
─ upon loading of templates... move vertical line guides to their initial position (VP-R tools)
─ New templates  (  a must  )

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #1009 ---
GBPUSD... test chart

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1010 ---
Correlation... test chart only

--- 帖子 #1011 ---
EUR/USD... test chart

--- 帖子 #1012 ---
v2v dynamic trading system... UPDATES

Updated Tools:

1) PIVOT FIBS Plus
─ Adjusted the session calculation handling upon switching to Weekly (dependent on the current chart time frame & session)

2) Done a few code optimizations

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #1013 ---
EUR/AUD... test chart only
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1014 ---
USD... I Hit Ya! ; )-

Inserted Video

Lapillus - A new K-Pop group with age range from 13 to 19yrs old.

Filipina-Argentinian, Japanese, Chinese-American, and three Koreans make up the group.

GRATATA!!!

An electronic-techno music infused with Arabic-Indian dance beats and Bruno Mars-esque synchronized swag ; )-

Inserted Video

--- 帖子 #1015 ---
v2v dynamic trading system... UPDATE

Volume Profile - Range tools: Number of bars calculation (fixed to use all bars).

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #1016 ---
EUR/USD... test chart only ; )-
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1017 ---
Test chart only... EUR/USD

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1018 ---
EUR/USD (Daily)... test chart only
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1019 ---
EUR/USD (M30)... test chart only

--- 帖子 #1020 ---
EUR/USD...
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1021 ---
EUR/USD

--- 帖子 #1022 ---
EUR/USD... now wait for German prelim CPI news

--- 帖子 #1023 ---
oop·sy-dai·sy ; )-

--- 帖子 #1024 ---
...posting charts for a few users who might be using this system ; )-

Now, waiting for Frankfurt fixings.

--- 帖子 #1025 ---
EUR/USD...
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1026 ---
EUR/USD... done ; )-
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1027 ---
EUR/USD: Last one... ; )-
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1028 ---
...latest trade result with EUR/USD

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1029 ---
EUR/USD... Buy limit orders

--- 帖子 #1030 ---
ATR price adaptive coefficient handling got optimized/updated.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get the current release of v2v dynamic trading system.... HERE

--- 帖子 #1031 ---
EUR/USD events... More time to plan our entries
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1032 ---
EUR/USD
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1033 ---
v2v dynamic trading system... Test results

All trades are only in EUR/USD

Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Ideally, I would like another drawdown. With this system in use, I will need to test my ability to handle pressure in order to get back on track. In mind of course, the fundamentals, sentiments, data, etc...

--- 帖子 #1034 ---
EUR/USD... test continues
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1035 ---
Test results so far... In trading EUR/USD only

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1036 ---
v2v dynamic trading system...

Fixed and optimized the VP-R tools for handling MT4/Platform (broker server/user's internet) disconnection that resets the vertical line guides to default position on charts. The VP-R vertical line guides should remain in-place after successful reconnection to the MT4 server.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get the current release >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #1037 ---
EUR/USD...

--- 帖子 #1038 ---
EUR/USD... new positions

--- 帖子 #1039 ---
EUR/USD... hidden (not so) bearish divergence???

--- 帖子 #1040 ---
Done... and dusted. The huge drawdown was a kicker that puts a bit of a pressure on me.

Now, will continue watching the World Cup ; )-

Test continues next week... Have a nice weekend!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Trades taken... All in EUR/USD pair only
Attached File(s)   export-1670618408.csv

9 KB
|
169 downloads

--- 帖子 #1041 ---
UPDATES:In this release, I have made some minor changes to the way the data sources are handled within the system. New templates: Once loaded, check/verify the indicator parameter if you prefer a recursive calculation is ON or OFF  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get the current release >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #1042 ---
dynamic MyNET... SmoothStep implementation... got optimized!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Using this v2v dynamic trading system, a new 10K account was opened to trade EUR/USD only.

Profit Target is 1K USD: Minimum of 5 trading days
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get the current release >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #1043 ---
EUR/USD... Current open and pending positions

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

dynamic MyNET: Using RSI with Hann windowing and SmoothStep function

Pivot Fibs: Based on previous NY session's VWAP

--- 帖子 #1044 ---
I slept this out... got busy coding as well ; )- A lost cause... I will continue the test with EUR/USD soon enough.

--- 帖子 #1045 ---
dynamic MyNET: Added Non-Linear Regression-adjusted QQE double

TASC magazine August 2022 issue, featured another variant of a moving average called “The Linear Regression-Adjusted Exponential Moving Average." Author Vitali Apirine presents a technique called the linear regression-adjusted exponential moving average (LRAdj EMA) to combine a linear regression indicator with an EMA. The indicator can be used to help define turning points while filtering price movement. The LRAdj EMA can be applied in combination with a traditional exponential moving average of the same length to facilitate trend identification.

By contrast, under the v2v dynamic trading system architecture or inside the dynamic MyNET tool...

The algorithm was applied to Non-Linear Regression-adjusted Quantitative Qualitative Estimation (QQE) double (NLR-adj QQE double). It then inherits all technologies used by the v2v dynamic trading system.

As a form of regression analysis, nonlinear regression involves fitting data to models and expressing the results mathematically. Compared to simple linear regression, which generates a straight line between two variables (X and Y) as if Y was a random variable, nonlinear regression must generate a curve (typically). This model aims to minimize (as small as possible) the sum of squares.

An observation's sum of squares measures how far it varies from the data set's mean. It is computed by first finding the difference between the mean and every data point in the set. Then, each of those differences is then squared. Lastly, all of the squared figures are added together. The smaller the sum of these squared figures, the better the function fits the data points in the set. Nonlinear regression uses logarithmic functions, trigonometric functions, exponential functions, and other fitting methods.

To summarize the Difference between Linear and Nonlinear Regression Models...

MTF mode (e.g. H1 TF)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

M30 TF
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get the current release with additional optimizations >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #1046 ---
dynamic MyNET: Now with Linear Regression-adjusted QQE double

Linear Regression-adjusted QQE double
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Non-Linear Regression-adjusted QQE double
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get the updated release >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #1047 ---
Linear Regression-adjusted Quantitative Qualitative Estimation double (LR-adj QQE double).

MTF mode (e.g. M30 TF chart -> H1 TF)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1048 ---
Fixed an issue from recent update.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1049 ---
It seems there's a problem with FF at the moment. While on the edit page, I am not able to replace/delete/upload a file because the attachments do not appear.

Anyhow, here is the updated release (17th December 2022)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached File(s)   v2v_dynamic_trading_system.zip

2.7 MB
|
439 downloads

--- 帖子 #1050 ---
Until the FF admin fixes the first page issue I reported, the attached zip file from the previous post will be my last update or release for the v2v dynamic trading system herein. But... Alternatively, you can use Google to search for the most recent/updated release that resides on a different domain serving the same purpose as a development journal for this system.

--- 帖子 #1051 ---
The issue is fixed. I will update page #1 of this development/system thread soon.

Thanks FF admin

--- 帖子 #1052 ---
Linear Regression-adjusted QQE double:  dynamic MyNET

- optimized for speed.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get the updated release >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #1053 ---
EUR/USD

--- 帖子 #1054 ---
Momentum Deviation

Based on work published by mladen @ mql library - 12th December 2021

However, this is another variation of a standard deviation as it got embedded with dynamic MyNET

- it uses the momentum of price (instead of price itself) for calculation

- it is calculated in a way that it takes minimal CPU load

- As far as values are concerned, it is similar to standard deviation. Same as standard deviation -it can calculate the deviation of anything.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get the updated release >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #1055 ---
EUR/USD: Elegant Osci on sub-window

--- 帖子 #1056 ---
Implementation update for the Vertical Horizontal Filter (VHF) in dynamic MyNET

The original momentum deviation is shown in the chart below (sub-window 2), while the new variation is shown in dynamic MyNET tool (sub-window 1)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Chart with Linear Regression-adjusted QQE double
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get the updated release >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #1057 ---
EUR/USD

- Linear-Regression-adjusted QQE double

- VHF is ON

- London session - VWAP

- VWAP based PIVOT Fibo

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1058 ---
The zip file was uploaded just for this update... I had forgotten to upload it earlier ; )---

--- 帖子 #1059 ---
Meanwhile... @ EUR/USD
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1060 ---
EUR/USD

- Momentum Deviation: H1 MTF
- Weekly Session: Sydney
- Weekly VWAP as PIVOT mid point

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1061 ---
dynamic MyNET... streamlined features & functions.

The dynamic MyNET has been simplified by removing a few overhead functions/features, while keeping the ones that consistently work.

- Indicator ON/OFF... removed

- DMH... removed

- T3X... removed

- RSH... removed

- Divergence dots... removed for time being

+ Added Price input.... HA APB (best formula) Trend Biased Price

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

To download the current release... Click >>> HERE

For more info about this system... Click >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #1062 ---
EUR/USD
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1063 ---
Nadaraya - Watson Estimator fused with dynamic MyNET

A kernel as a weighting function was used by Nadaraya and Watson in 1964 to estimate values as a locally weighted average. This produces a smoothed (non-causal) value that can be used to estimate future values. Mladen published the MQL version at MQL source library, basing it off of an indicator developed by luxAlgo for different trading platforms.

Recommendations...Use it for discretionary estimates only, never use it in any signaling mode. But again, it is "discretionary"... In another context, you can only blame yourself, and not the creator. ; )=  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

To download the current release... Click >>> HERE

For more info about this system... Click >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #1064 ---
Is the hype for this is real?

dynamic Nadaraya-Watson Estimator only with v2v dynamic trading system

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Inserted Video

Based on LuxAlgo... Though once inside the v2v dynamic system architecture... it became a different animal with its dynamic MyNET tool ; )-

--- 帖子 #1065 ---
dynamic Nadaraya-Watson Estimator with NET
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1066 ---
dynamic MyNET with NWE (Nadaraya-Watson Estimator)

...just a continuous experiment ; )=

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1067 ---
EUR/USD

dz MyNET - NWE:

- haDelta

- SmoothStep 0

--- 帖子 #1068 ---
dynamic Nadaraya - Watson Estimator with NET (Noise Elimination Technology)

A kernel as a weighting function was used by Nadaraya and Watson in 1964 to estimate values as a locally weighted average. This produces a smoothed (non-causal) value that can be used to estimate future values.

Estimating a future state given a selective past (lagged variables) is important but provides only a fragment of the information necessary in order to forecast. The predictive distribution on the other hand contains all information about this future state given the selective past.

Recommendations...Use it for discretionary estimates only, never use (but you may) it in any signaling mode. But again, it is "discretionary"... In another context, you can only blame yourself, and not the creator. ; )=  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

UPDATES: Band calculation got optimized for optimal probabilities... the same goes with VP-R tools & Regression channel bands. New templates & default parameters To download the current release... Click >>> HERE

For more info about this system... Click >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #1069 ---
EUR/USD only ; )=

--- 帖子 #1070 ---
EUR/USD

- dynamic NWE (Nadaraya-Watson Estimator) with NET:  SmoothStep 0, Trend Biased Price, Period 14, VHF, and in MTF mode H1 TF

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

. . .

- SmoothStep 0
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1071 ---
It appears that the Nadaraya - Watson Estimator hype is real. However, this is only one trade ; )-

We'll have to wait and see how it turns out in the long run. Meanwhile, let's see if I can make the Nadaraya - Watson envelope within v2v dynamic trading system main chart... or probably not ; )=

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1072 ---
EUR/USD:  New position

NWE with NET

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

After Frankfurt FX Fixings arrive... and I've been in the negative for 15 minutes... Then I'll just close the trade.

--- 帖子 #1073 ---
EUR/USD only ...new position ; )=

TP @ 1.06580... just above the Weekly VWAP

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1074 ---
EUR/USD... moved position to SL+

Now, time to rest... Inshallah!

May our hopes turns to wishes... And may our wishes come true! Happy New Year! (or Dear if you have a new one) ; )=

--- 帖子 #1075 ---
dynamic NWE (Nadaraya-Watson Estimator) with NET (Noise Elimination Technology)

EUR/USD... my current positions
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1076 ---
EUR/USD... on chart sub-window: dynamic Nadaraya-Watson with NET

Now, only with pending positions @ post time. I'll check it back on or around the Frankfurt Fx Fixings if these pending positions got triggered or still a viable pending/open entries.

Sell the highs with TP @ 1.06420

--- 帖子 #1077 ---
v2v dynamic trading system

UPDATES:
- MTF mode finally fixed for dynamic MyNET ; )-

- New templates and default parameter values

To download the current release... Click >>> HERE
For more info about this system... Click >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #1078 ---
what the heck happen to EUR/USD?  =

--- 帖子 #1079 ---
Test continues using dynamic Nadaraya-Watson Estimator with NET

EUR/USD... new positions (buy): TP at 1.05950 or just a little below the current Week VWAP --- @ post time

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1080 ---
New positions...

- selling the highs @ post time with EUR/USD:  TP @ 1.05990 - just a little above the current Week VWAP

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1081 ---
Updated positions: EUR/USD - with same TP @ 1.05990

It will be interesting to see if Frankfurt FX fixing pushes up the price even more @ current price or returns to current week VWAP area. --- @ post time: 1.05974
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1082 ---
EUR/USD... continuous testing with dz NWE with NET

Updated positions: New TP @ 1.05940... a little above the Weekly VWAP (NY Day session)

I believe this price area will become resistance if it drops below or on the NY Weekly VWAP. Then, once my target is reached... My plan is to buy dips before/on/during the NY session.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1083 ---
...test continues with dynamic Nadaraya-Watson Estimator with NET

EUR/USD:

Updated positions... adjusted TP @ 1.05800 ...just a pinch of greed ; )-

Price is trying to lure more buyers (@post time)... And I'm not buying it ; )-

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1084 ---
Due to a pinch of greed, I spent a few chart hours before I closed my trade (at 1.05820)... Even so, I'm still making much better profits since I added more entries.

Let's move on... If an opportunity arises, I'll sell high.

I have only traded a few times so far... I think Nadaraya-Watson Estimator is pretty good.

The M30 chart TF, and an H1 MTF mode for HA candles with NWE... Then subsequently looking at H4 chart TF... D1 MTF mode.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1085 ---
v2v dynamic trading system

UPDATES:
- PIVOT FIBS plus... gets optimized

- dynamic MyNET... recompiled

- New templates and default parameter values

To download the current release... Click >>> HERE

For more info about this system... Click >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #1086 ---
EUR/USD:

In the meantime... I'll wait to see what direction FX fixings (fixers) will do ; )=

Sell the highs @ previous day London highs... or Buy the dips @ previous day London lows...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1087 ---
EUR/USD:

But @ post time... The narratives... Is to break 1.06350 for Buyers to Price hike... Then, breaking 1.05810 for Sellers to Price drop.

Otherwise... Price needs to surpass the running 3-Week VWAP line above... and the running VWAP since the last significant price move down and up to the current pull back.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1088 ---
EUR/USD:  dynamic Nadaraya-Watson with NET

New positions:  open/pending

- TP @ 1.06450

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1089 ---
The lesson... Don't underestimate the price movement a day or few hours before the NFP day ; )=

Although I was shown the optimal directional probability by my technical system... I let my contrarian tendencies get the better of me ; )---

♬ Yes, there were times, I'm sure you knew
When I bit off more than I could chew
But through it all, when there was doubt
I ate it up and spit it out
I faced it all and I stood tall and did it my way♬

Again, I was reminded of what I wrote on the first page.

Note to Self: “While no methodology or system that works in every instance . . . I have never seen anything so consistent” ─ just like this system ; )─

Test continues with Nadaraya-Watson Estimator in the next trading week.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Have a nice weekend!

--- 帖子 #1090 ---
v2v dynamic trading system

UPDATES: dynamic MyNETRemoved RSI-Trend Strength Index (RSX) Add McGinley Dynamic using RSX as smoothing function:
If VHF is ON = The "improved" formula will be activated (based on mladen's work published @ MQL library)
The McGinley Dynamic is a type of moving average that was designed to track the market better than existing moving average indicators. It is a technical indicator that improves upon moving average lines by adjusting for shifts in market speed. John R. McGinley, a market technician, is the inventor of the eponymous indicator.

KEY TAKEAWAYS:The McGinley Dynamic indicator is a type of moving average that was designed to track the market better than existing moving average indicators. This indicator solves the issue of varying market speeds by incorporating an automatic adjustment factor into its formula, which speeds (or slows) the indicator in trending, or ranging, markets. The McGinley Dynamic indicator improves upon conventional moving averages by minimizing price separations and volatile whipsaws so that price action is more accurately reflected.  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

To download the current release... Click >>> HERE

For more info about this system... Click >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #1091 ---
This coming trading week, I'll be conservative in terms of my position size... In other words, securing a fortress of safety or taking a defensive stance.

EUR/USD: H4 TF ...as much as possible use M1 tick (volume) ...Not enough tick data history???  Please read page #1 post.

First two days of the week, I'll be looking to sell the highs... with a TP target of 1.06100... Otherwise, I'll be buying the dips between 1.06050 - 1.05770

Nadaraya-Watson Estimator (NWE)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

McGinley (MCG) Dynamic
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

NWE with NET
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1092 ---
EUR/USD: M30 TF

McGinley Dynamic
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Nadaraya-Watson Estimator
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1093 ---
EUR/USD: M30 TF

Open position: TP @ 1.06100

McGinley Dynamic (MCG) using RSX as smoothing function
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Nadaraya - Watson Estimator (NWE) with NET
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1094 ---
EUR/USD

Updated chart/positions

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1095 ---
EUR/USD... updated positions

H1 MTF: Nadaraya-Watson Estimator

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1096 ---
dynamic Nadaraya - Watson Estimator with NET (Noise Elimination Technology)

...test continues
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1097 ---
dynamic NWE with NET

...SmoothStep 1

...APB Trend Biased Price

...H1 MTF
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1098 ---
EUR/USD:

Updated positions...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1099 ---
v2v dynamic trading system

Execution times are updated based on volatility increases (above average) and minimum input work speeds.

For the following tools...
- dynamic MyNET

- VP-R tools

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

To download the current release... Click >>> HERE

For more info about this system... Click >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #1100 ---
EUR/USD

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1101 ---
EUR/USD

--- 帖子 #1102 ---
GBP/USD

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1103 ---
GBP/USD

--- 帖子 #1104 ---
Minor updates with dynamic MyNETType Bands:  NET or My.NET switch... now it retains the on-slope color change for price/signal line

To download the current release... Click >>> HERE

For more info about this system... Click >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #1105 ---
USD/CAD

--- 帖子 #1106 ---
EUR/USD

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1107 ---
EUR/USD

...have a nice weekend!!!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1108 ---
New position... EUR/USD

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1109 ---
EUR/USD
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1110 ---
EUR/USD

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1111 ---
new positions... EUR/USD

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1112 ---
EUR/USD... new positions
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1113 ---
new positions... EUR/USD
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1114 ---
EUR/USD
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1115 ---
EUIR/USD... positions

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1116 ---
EUR/USD... new positions

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1117 ---
v2v dynamic trading system

Got updated... dynamic MyNETorder of Price selection default parameter removed ADXm Type but the algo remains optimized haDelta and Trend-Biased Price calculation  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

To download the current release... Click >>> HERE

For more info about this system... Click >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #1118 ---
current position... EUR/USD

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1119 ---
Hurst Exponentwith NET (a variation)
...insidedynamic MyNET for the v2v dynamic trading systemAdded Hurst Exponent, order of Price selection, default parameter and new templates
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The Hurst Exponent is used as a measure of long-term memory of time series. It relates to the autocorrelations of the time series, and the rate at which these decrease as the lag between pairs of values increases. Studies involving the Hurst exponent were originally developed in hydrology for the practical matter of determining optimum dam sizing for the Nile river's volatile rain and drought conditions that had been observed over a long period of time. The name "Hurst exponent", or "Hurst coefficient", derives from Harold Edwin Hurst (1880 - 1978), who was the lead researcher in these studies; the use of the standard notation H for the coefficient relates to his name also.

The Hurst exponent is referred to as the "index of dependence" or "index of long-range dependence". It quantifies the relative tendency of a time series either to regress strongly to the mean or to cluster in a direction.

A value of H in the range 0.5 - 1 indicates a time series with long-term positive autocorrelation, meaning both that a high value in the series will probably be followed by another high value and that the values a long time into the future will also tend to be high.

A value of H in the range 0 - 0.5 indicates a time series with long-term switching between high and low values in adjacent pairs, meaning that a single high value will probably be followed by a low value and that the value after that will tend to be high, with this tendency to switch between high and low values lasting a long time into the future.

A value of H = 0.5 can indicate a completely uncorrelated series, but in fact it is the value applicable to series for which the autocorrelations at small time lags can be positive or negative but where the absolute values of the autocorrelations decay exponentially quickly to zero. This in contrast to the typically power law decay for the 0.5 < H < 1 and 0 < H < 0.5 cases.

You may find the original that was posted by mladen here

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Inserted Video

To download the current release... Click >>> HERE

For more info about this system... Click >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #1120 ---
dynamic Hurst Exponent with NET

Hurst exponent estimation is a viable tool for analyzing the past. Looking at a correctly estimated H value can answer the following question: was the market persistent or was it anti-persistent? In its turn, that would help you analyze performance of your trading strategy or expert advisor during that particular period.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

This variation uses the featured technology below for the v2v dynamic trading system...

☛ Dynamic Zones by Leo Zamansky Ph.D. and David Stendahl

The Dynamic Zone indicator can elaborately show how it solves common trading complications. Extreme investing employs the use of oscillators to exploit tradeable trends in the market. This style of investing follows a very simple form of logic: only enter the market when an oscillator has moved far above or below traditional trading levels. However, these indicator-driven systems cannot evolve with the market because they use fixed buy and sell zones. Traders typically use one set of buy and sell zones for a bull market and substantially different zones for a bear market.

Herein lie the complications. Once traders begin introducing their market opinions into trading equations, they negate the system's mechanical nature by changing the zones. The objective is to have a system automatically define its own buy and sell zones and thereby profitably trade in any market -- bull or bear. Dynamic Zones offer

a solution to the complications of fixed buy and sell zones for any indicator-driven system.

☛ My NET ( Noise Elimination Technology )

The My Net is a technical indicator that employs Kendall correlation to remove nonlinear noise. Two main plots are calculated: My(Base) and NET wherein the bases are the following: RSI/RSX, T3-based RSI/RSX, and Elegant Oscillator. Each plot can be used as a confirmation of the other.

My NET is a modified Relative Strength Index, similar to what is used in RocketRSI. It is calculated as the ratio of the sum of recent one-bar close price differences to the sum of absolute values of these differences.

NET is calculated as Kendall correlation of My NET. The NET plot is less noisy than RSI, however, the usage of additional filters may be beneficial.

☛ SmoothStep function... (S0 & S1) fused with dynamic My NET

Returns a value from 0 to 1 that represents a parameter's proportional distance between a minimum and maximum value. The SmoothStep function lets you gradually increase an attribute such as Opacity from 0 to 1, but nonlinearly, over a time range.

--- 帖子 #1121 ---
Trend Quality - Trend-noise Balance Indicator

A few hours ago I uploaded this tool as another variation fused within the dynamic MyNET which is under the umbrella of the v2v dynamic trading system

The Trend-Quality indicator is a trend detection and estimation tool that is based on a two-step filtering technique. It measures cumulative price changes over term-oriented semicycles and relates them to “noise”. The approach reveals congestion and trending periods of the price movement and focuses on the most important trends, evaluating their strength in the process. The indicator is presented in a centered oscillator (Q-Indicator) and banded oscillator format (B-Indicator) ---this variation uses dynamic bands.

The B-Indicator is a banded oscillator that fluctuates orginally between 0 and 100(again, this variation uses dynamic bands or zones), is calculated by dividing the absolute value of trend by noise added to absolute value of trend, and scaling the result appropriately.

The B-indicator doesn’t show the direction of price movement, but only the existence of the trend and its strength. It requires additional tools for reversal manifestations.
The indicator’s interpretation is simple. The central line suggests that the trend and noise are in equilibrium (trend is equal to noise).

Values:below mid or 50 = Gold line color indicate ranging market in the mid to 65 range (or +15 from mid)indicate weak trending in the 65 to 80 range (or +30 from mid) indicate moderate trending above 80 range (or 30+ from mid) indicate strong trending
The 65 level (or +15 from mid)can be thought of as the demarcation line of trending and ranging markets and can help determine which type of technical analysis indicator (lagging or leading) is better suited to current market conditions. Readings exceeding strong trending levels can indicate overbought or oversold conditions.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1122 ---
Trend Quality - Trend-noise Balance Indicator

Another variation within the dynamic MyNET which falls under the umbrella of the v2v dynamic trading system.

The Trend-Quality indicator is a trend detection and estimation tool that is based on a two-step filtering technique. It measures cumulative price changes over term-oriented semicycles and relates them to “noise”. The approach reveals congestion and trending periods of the price movement and focuses on the most important trends, evaluating their strength in the process. The indicator is presented in a centered oscillator (Q-Indicator) and banded oscillator format (B-Indicator) ---this variation uses dynamic bands.

B-Indicator is a banded oscillator that fluctuates originally between 0 and 100 (again, this variation uses dynamic bands or zones). It is calculated by dividing absolute trend by noise added to absolute trend, and scaling the result as necessary.

The B-indicator doesn’t show the direction of price movement, but only the existence of the trend and its strength. It requires additional tools for reversal manifestations.
The indicator’s interpretation is simple. The central line suggests that the trend and noise are in equilibrium (trend is equal to noise).

Values:below mid or 50 = Gold line color indicate ranging market in the mid to 65 range (or +15 from mid)indicate weak trending in the 65 to 80 range (or +30 from mid) indicate moderate trending above 80 range (or 30+ from mid) indicate strong trending
The 65 level (or +15 from mid)can be thought of as the demarcation line of trending and ranging markets and can help determine which type of technical analysis indicator (lagging or leading) is better suited to current market conditions. Readings exceeding strong trending levels can indicate overbought or oversold conditions.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The Trend-Quality Indicator as described by David Sepiashvili in [Stocks & Commodities  V. 22:4 (14-20)]

To download the current release... Click >>> HERE

For more info about this system... Click >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #1123 ---
Multiple instances are now available for dynamic MyNET. There is a limit of 3 instances per chart, inside 3 sub-windows.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1124 ---
Trend Quality: Trend-noise Balance Indicator

Now... This tool has been updated to use the RMA phase accumulation of MACD algorithm

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1125 ---
dynamic MyNET ...updates:new templates default parameter values optimized TBI (slight improvement) and VHF handling  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

To download the current release... Click >>> HERE

For more info about this system... Click >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #1126 ---
dynamic MyNET ...update:Hurst Exponent... Fixed issue (Period button-text info) when switching from HUE to MCG  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

To download the current release... Click >>> HERE

For more info about this system... Click >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #1127 ---
Trend Quality B-Indicator: Trend-noise Balance Indicator ( TBI )... and Hurst Exponent ( HuE )

B-Indicator is a banded oscillator that fluctuates originally between 0 and 100 (again, this variation uses dynamic bands or zones). It is calculated by dividing absolute trend by noise added to absolute trend, and scaling the result as necessary. The B-indicator doesn’t show the direction of price movement, but only the existence of the trend and its strength. It requires additional tools for reversal manifestations.

The Trend-Quality Indicator as described by David Sepiashvili in [Stocks & Commodities V. 22:4 (14-20)]. David Sepiashvili's article in this issue, "Trend-Quality Indicator," describes a method of assessing trend strength. To accomplish this, Sepiashvili uses a summing process to determine the cumulative price change (CPC). The CPC is reset to zero at every trend reversal. Trend reversals are based on the crossing of two moving averages. The CPC is "piecewise" averaged to produce the trend, which in turn is compared to a noise calculation to produce the quality indicator.

The Hurst exponent is a measure for the behaviour of the market. It shows if the market behaves in a random, trending or mean-reversion manner. This can be used to select the right trading strategy for your market.

In the 1970’s an American engineer called JM Hurst published a theory about why financial markets move in the way they do. The theory was the result of many years of research on powerful mainframe computers, and it became known as Hurst’s Cyclic Theory. Hurst claimed a 90% success rate trading on the basis of his theory, and yet the theory has remained largely undiscovered and often misunderstood.

Studies involving the Hurst exponent were originally developed in hydrology for the practical matter of determining optimum dam sizing for the Nile river's volatile rain and drought conditions that had been observed over a long period of time.[1][2] The name "Hurst exponent", or "Hurst coefficient", derives from Harold Edwin Hurst (1880–1978), who was the lead researcher in these studies; the use of the standard notation H for the coefficient also relates to his name.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get more info about this v2v dynamic trading system >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #1128 ---
EUR/USD

--- 帖子 #1129 ---
Speed optimization for Trend Quality: B-Indicator (Trend-noise Balance Indicator)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

To download the current release... Click >>> HERE

For more info about this system... Click >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #1130 ---
EUR/USD

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1131 ---
dynamic MyNET combo...Trend Quality: Trend-noise Balance Indicator (TBI) Hurst Exponent (HuE) Nadaraya-Watson Estimator (NWE)  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1132 ---
EUR/USD... positions (got in too early)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1133 ---
updated positions... EUR/USD

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1134 ---
Just How Long Will A Trend Go On?

Trend Continuation Factor
by M.H. Pee

Yes, trends are important: They help you make money and they help you recover your losses.

Because trends are an important component of the market, it is imperative you can detect them. However, it's not enough to just identify a trend. It's also crucial to be able to tell the direction of the current trend. Although trends can make you the most money in the shortest time when you are in sync with them, they can also cause you to sustain heavy losses if your position is in the opposite direction. To avoid getting caught in such a situation, I created the trend continuation factor (TCF), an indicator that identifies the trend and its direction.

Get more info with the attached PDF file herein...
Attached File(s)   Just How Long Will A Trend Go On - Trend Continuation Factor M.H. Pee.pdf

199 KB
|
360 downloads

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Tool setup...

Chart time frame: M30 or H1

Price: haDelta

Slope color change: MBL (Market Base Line ) or midpoint

SmoothStep: S0 or S1

To download the current release... Click >>> HERE

For more info about this system... Click >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #1135 ---
Trend-Continuation Factor
...inside dynamic MyNET

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Click this <<< link  >>> to find out more about this tool which became a different animal under the umbrella of the v2v dynamic trading system

--- 帖子 #1136 ---
UPDATES: dynamic MyNET

The following technologies were optimized... and fixed minor issues:Trend Continuation Factor (TCF)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Hurst Exponent (HuE)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Trend-noise Balance Indicator (TBI)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Momentum Deviation (MoD) McGinley Dynamic (MCG)

To download the current release... Click >>> HERE

For more info about this system... Click >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #1137 ---
UPDATES: dynamic MyNET New templates and default parameter value
McGinley Dynamic (MCG)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Momentum Deviation (MOD)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
NEW: Weighted Deviation (WTD)
...a variation inside dynamic MyNET which is under the umbrella of the v2v dynamic trading system

This weighted deviation is a sort of all linear weighted deviation. It uses linear weighting in all the steps calculated (which makes it different from the built in deviation in a case when linear weighted ma is used in the ma method). It is more responsive than the standard deviation.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

To download the current release... Click >>> HERE

For more info about this system... Click >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #1138 ---
► Linear Regression-adj Quantitative Qualitative Estimation (double)

...I forgot how good this tool is ; )---

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

► Weighted Momentum Deviation ...recalculated, and adjusted the embedded input number of loopback bars

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

To download the current release... Click >>> HERE

For more info about this system... Click >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #1139 ---
dynamic MyNET... got optimized

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

To download the current release... Click >>> HERE

For more info about this system... Click >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #1140 ---
Elegant Oscillator... A minimal improvement in speed ; )---

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

To download the current release... Click >>> HERE

For more info about this system... Click >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #1141 ---
EUR/USD... testing continues:Elegant Osci, Weekly VWAP (London) as Pivot midpoint, Franfurt-CME I Fx fixings...
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1142 ---
EUR/USD... current positions

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1143 ---
EUR/USD... new positions

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1144 ---
EUR/USD... positions:  NEW

...'till CPI tomorrow

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1145 ---
EUR/USD... updated/current positions:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1146 ---
EUR/USD.... current position

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1147 ---
EUR/USD... new position

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1148 ---
dynamic MyNET: ...Dynamic band synergy is improved

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

To download the current release... Click >>> HERE

For more info about this system... Click >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #1149 ---
EUR/USD... current position

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1150 ---
EUR/USD... waiting for Frankfurt FX fixings for setup entry

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1151 ---
EUR/USD... limit orders (possibly news entry):

...may change depending on what the implied direction of FX fixings is (or what my gut tells me) ; )---

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1152 ---
EUR/USD... current setup/position(s):

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1153 ---
EUR/USD... updated positions/limit orders

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1154 ---
EUR/USD... remaining position:

...London Weekly Pivot (using VWAP as mid Pivs), and Volume Profile - Statistical Quantile: 70%: 15% - 50%(Median) - 85%

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1155 ---
dynamic MyNET:  McGinley (MCG)
...under the umbrella system of v2v dynamic trading system
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1156 ---
EUR/USD
Linear Regression-adjusted - Quantitative Qualitative Estimation (QQE double)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1157 ---
EUR/USD:
☛ Trend Quality: Trend-noise Balance Indicator (TBI)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1158 ---
EUR/USD...

...closed (just a little below NY VWAP weekly) as I am about to sleep ; )---

--- 帖子 #1159 ---
This week test statistics:  Traded only EUR/USD

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1160 ---
EUR/USD... new position:

...Currency ► pair correlation and strength

...Elegant oscillator and Weekly London VWAP as midpoint Pivot
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1161 ---
EUR/USD... current positions

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1162 ---
EUR/USD.... new position

...Elegant oscillator: Typical

...TP: VPR - POC or PVP

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1163 ---
EUR/USD... updated position

...moved TP and SL+

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1164 ---
EUR/USD... new position/limit orders

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1165 ---
EUR/USD... updated position

...move to SL+, removed pending orders

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1166 ---
EUR/USD... done

...will wake up later to see if there's another opportunity for viable trade setup

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1167 ---
EUR/USD... new position/pending orders.

...Price face the previous week London's PVP (or POC) and statistical Quantile 70% (top Q85)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1168 ---
EUR/USD... current position:

...move my SL to SL+

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1169 ---
EUR/USD... pending orders remain:

...Will try to get back on the market once CME FX Fixings start to show their probable directional bias

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1170 ---
EUR/USD... current position:

...while waiting for CME FX Fixings

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1171 ---
EUR/USD... current position and pending orders

...Currency strength and +pair correlation (GBP/USD), Elegant oscillator and

...VPR.VWAP as mid point (1.06443)

...TP: 1.06970 ► Just a little above the current week London session - VWAP

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1172 ---
ICT concept tool added to Pivot FIBS Plus
...just an update to a tool under the v2v dynamic trading system

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

AE = ICT: Asian and Equities session

TF = Tokyo and Frankfurt Fix

TL = Tokyo and London Fix

TC = Tokyo and CME Fix

FC = Frankfurt and CME Fix

FL = Frankfurt and London Fix

EC = ECB and CME Fix

NC = New York and CME Fix

NT = New York and Tokyo Fix

ICT... Start of Asian session → New York Time: 7:00PM to 12:00AM
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

ICT... Start of morning Equities session → New York Time: 12:00AM to 11:00AM
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

To download the current release... Click >>> HERE

For more info about this system... Click >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #1173 ---
Pivot FIBS Plus ⇔ ICT concept:

...just another update to a tool under the v2v dynamic trading system Added High/Low Range for ICT Asian session KillZones (New York time)ASIA → 8pm - 12am LONDON → 2am - 5am NEY YORK → 7am - 10am LONDON CLOSE → 10am - 12pm
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

To download the current release... Click >>> HERE

For more info about this system... Click >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #1174 ---
ICT concept: KillZones ► Pivot FIBS Plus update

...just another update to a tool under the v2v dynamic trading system

The ICT KillZones...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

To download the current release... Click >>> HERE

For more info about this system... Click >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #1175 ---
v2v with ICT  ► a Pivot FIBS Plus update

...a system within the system (v2v dynamic trading system)Added v2v with ICT system... A separate zip file is available on the main page (post #1) ICT concept KillZone's future range lines New templates  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

To download the current release... Click >>> HERE

For more info about this system... Click >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #1176 ---
ICT concept: KillZones ► Pivot FIBS Plus update
...just another update to a tool under the v2v dynamic trading system

The ICT KillZones... added the London Closed, and fixed to show all KillZones

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

To download the current release... Click >>> HERE

For more info about this system... Click >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #1177 ---
ICT concepts... future updates of HA_APB tool:

Currently working on this ones below...

M15 TF (Heiken Ashi candle - MTF mode M30) with H4 candle Attached Image (click to enlarge)

M15 TF (Heiken Ashi candle - MTF mode M30) with Daily candle Attached Image (click to enlarge)

H1 TF (normal Japanese candle) with H3 candle Attached Image (click to enlarge)

H3 candle on H1 chart TF
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1178 ---
ICT concepts' tool... still under development

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1179 ---
v2v with ICT concepts: Set of tools ► under the umbrella of the v2v dynamic trading system

UPDATES:With ICT concepts in mind, custom candles are now available as a help tool for multi-timeframe setup Added navigation button for custom candle type Re-coded slightly using the v2v system's architecture Updated templates As stated before, a separate zip file containing the v2v with ICT system is available on the main page of this system's development journal.  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

To download the current release... Click >>> HERE

For more info about this system... Click >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #1180 ---
Custom Candles... Any Time Frame

.... is just a custom candle tool on its own.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it HERE

--- 帖子 #1181 ---
v2v dynamic trading system  ► with ICT concepts

UPDATES:Improved logical flow processes for execution speed and  Re-inserted (added) back other custom candle time frames  Updated templates  As stated before, a separate zip file containing the v2v with ICT system is available on the main page of this system's development journal.  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

To download the full current release... Click >>> HERE

Get only the Custom Candles - any time frame... Click >>> HERE

For more info about this system... Click >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #1182 ---
Is MetaTrader 4 able to provide candle timeframes similar to TradingView? Unfortunately, no...

However, with this tool, you can. Here's one you might find more useful.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #1183 ---
A scalper setup... The so called ICT concepts - Asia Kill Zone

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1184 ---
These shared timelines (in NY - EST) will be added to my existing tools with ICT concepts - Kill Zones

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1185 ---
Custom Candle - Any Time Frame (CCATF) and PIVOT FIBS plus... with ICT concepts in mind
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1186 ---
v2v dynamic trading system....

→ Updated without the Anchored... VWAP and Volume Profile: removed until further notice.

→ Custom Candles: retains the selected custom time frame using global variable.

→ New templates

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

To download the current release... Click >>> HERE

Get only the Custom Candles - any time frame... Click >>> HERE

For more info about this system... Click >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #1187 ---
EUR/USD

Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1188 ---
PIVOT FIB plus... with ICT concepts' KillZones.

→ Fixed an on-load issue.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

To download the current release... Click >>> HERE

Get only the Custom Candles - any time frame... Click >>> HERE

For more info about this system... Click >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #1189 ---
Custom Candles - Any Time Frame

→ Added a button for custom candles' time frame - beside the existing one for candle typeWith added logical flow (dumb proof) Fixed an issue (from the original) with monthly custom candles (not showing) while on a weekly chart In the event that objects (buttons/custom candles) have been cleared, it will be reloaded based on the current state → New templates (a must)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

To download the current release... Click >>> HERE

Get only the Custom Candles - any time frame... Click >>> HERE

For more info about this system... Click >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #1190 ---
EUR/USD
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1191 ---
v2v dynamic trading system... A Project Lookin' Glass

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1192 ---
Re-uploaded: Custom Candles - any time frame

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1193 ---
Custom Candles - Any Time Frame

→ Added custom candles' starting session (Broker, Sydney as default, Tokyo, London, New York)Applicable only for... custom candle time frame that is less than or equal to H12 time frame Make sure you set your correct GMT offset time (your broker's server time) → Optimized dumb proof...In the event that global variables (for buttons/custom candles' TF current state) have been cleared, it will be reloaded using the default parameter values.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

To download the current release... Click >>> HERE

Get only the Custom Candles - any time frame... Click >>> HERE

For more info about this system... Click >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #1194 ---
Custom Candles - Any Time Frame

→ Added a button to switch to custom candles' starting session (Broker, Sydney, Tokyo, London, and New York).•Extended the starting custom candle session time frame... Now up to Daily

→ New templates (a must)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

To download the current release... Click >>> HERE

Get only the Custom Candles - any time frame... Click >>> HERE

For more info about this system... Click >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #1195 ---
Fixed:  Custom Candles' starting Broker session issue

... re-uploaded

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1196 ---
v2v dynamic trading system

→ Optimized dumb proofing

→ Modify default parameter values

→ Optimized global variable handling (set value & delete - upon opening/closing charts)

→ New templates (a must)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

To download the current release... Click >>> HERE

Get only the Custom Candles - any time frame... Click >>> HERE

For more info about this system... Click >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #1197 ---
v2v dynamic trading system with ICT concepts in mind...

Those horizontal lines on the charts provide you with additional technical bias information, which can support your overall directional probability.

...As an alternative to using fibonacci levels, you could also use statistical quartiles to weigh premium versus discount.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1198 ---
v2v dynamic trading system

→ Pivot FIBS plus... Fixed the ICT Kill Zones - future lines

→ Optimized... Custom Candles - any time frame

→ New templates (a must)

→ And soon... VWAP, Volume Profile Range, Statistical Quartiles, Z-score Bands, and Regression Analysis will be available again.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

To download the current release... Click >>> HERE

Get only the Custom Candles - any time frame... Click >>> HERE

For more info about this system... Click >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #1199 ---
Pivot FIBS plus...Fixed the weekly session (switching) - starting hour... for Broker  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1200 ---
...previous system test results

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1201 ---
Hi

Here is my screenshot and  my screenshot does not look like yours. Please can you tell me if i am missing something?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1202 ---
Here is mine with Gold chart... on my side.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Perhaps you need to adjust your screen resolution to Full HD (1920p x 1080p) to resolve your issue.

In addition, the chart needs to be loaded using the appropriate templates (so that the tools are loaded in FIFO order).

--- 帖子 #1203 ---
v2v dynamic trading system

Yes... It is back!

→ New templates (a must)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

To download the current release... Click >>> HERE

Get only the Custom Candles - any time frame... Click >>> HERE

For more info about this system... Click >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #1204 ---
GBP/USD

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1205 ---
dynamic MyNET

UPDATES:Adjust next (timeframe) Dominant Cycle Period (DCP) value accordingly New templates  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

To download the current release... Click >>> HERE

Get only the Custom Candles - any time frame... Click >>> HERE

For more info about this system... Click >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #1206 ---
v2v dynamic trading system...

→ Fixed issue with VPR tools and HA-APB tools

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

To download the current release... Click >>> HERE

Get only the Custom Candles - any time frame... Click >>> HERE

For more info about this system... Click >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #1207 ---
Custom Candles - any time frame (CCATF) and PIVOT FIBS plus

UPDATES:

→ CCATF... Activated the weekly session candles (e.g. Broker, Sydney, Tokyo, London, and New York).

→ Pivot Fibs plus... For the H4 chart time frame, it should now be limited to Broker session only.

→ The same applies to CCATF on the H4 chart... The session should now be limited to Broker session only.

→ New templates

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

To download the current release... Click >>> HERE

Get only the Custom Candles - any time frame... Click >>> HERE

For more info about this system... Click >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #1208 ---
v2v dynamic trading system

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1209 ---
v2v dynamic trading system

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1210 ---
→ The updated ones have been uploaded after I noticed an issue with the previous updates.For the chart time frame that is greater than or equal to H4 chart time frame, it should now be limited to Broker session only.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

To download the current release... Click >>> HERE

Get only the Custom Candles - any time frame... Click >>> HERE

For more info about this system... Click >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #1211 ---
EUR/USD
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1212 ---
EUR/USD

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1213 ---
Custom Candles - any time frame (CCATF) and dynamic MyNET

UPDATES:
→ CCATF... (Active & InActive) on-load behavior for template and when switching from chart time frame to another.
→ Fixed minor issue with dynamic MyNET for an on-load VHF mode ON or OFF feature.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

To download the current release... Click >>> HERE

Get only the Custom Candles - any time frame... Click >>> HERE

For more info about this system... Click >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #1214 ---
→ Encountered issues after the above updates:The global variables... session & type handlers got fixed Re-uploaded the updated system with this fixed.  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

To download the current release... Click >>> HERE

Get only the Custom Candles - any time frame... Click >>> HERE

For more info about this system... Click >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #1215 ---
AUD/USD

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1216 ---
USD/JPY

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1217 ---
USD/JPY

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1218 ---
EUR/USD

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1219 ---
EUR/USD

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1220 ---
Added: ICT Silver Bullet - Time Based Trading Model

...under PIVOT FIB plusAE = ICT: Asian, Equities, and Silver Bullet:

London KillZone: 2AM - 5AM: NY time
Silver Bullet: 3AM - 4AM: NY time
Silver Bullet: 10AM - 11AM: NY time
Silver Bullet: 2PM - 3PM: NY time

Asian Range: 7PM - 12AM: NY time

Asia KillZone: 8PM - 12AM: NY time

London Closed: 10AM - 12PM: NY time

NY KillZone: 7AM - 10AM: NY time

Equities: 12AM - 11AM: NY time FX Fixings:

TF = Tokyo and Frankfurt Fix

TL = Tokyo and London Fix

TC = Tokyo and CME Fix

FC = Frankfurt and CME Fix

FL = Frankfurt and London Fix

EC = ECB and CME Fix

NC = New York and CME Fix

NT = New York and Tokyo Fix ...new templates

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Inserted Video

To download the current release... Click >>> HERE

Get only the Custom Candles - any time frame... Click >>> HERE

For more info about this system... Click >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #1221 ---
ICT Silver Bullet : Time Based Trading Model

An issue was identified in the 1 hour range plot lines for ICT Silver Bullet (New York time).
...this issue has now been corrected.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

To download the current release... Click >>> HERE

Get only the Custom Candles - any time frame... Click >>> HERE

For more info about this system... Click >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #1222 ---
UPDATE: ICT Silver Bullet... Show Future lines

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1223 ---
EUR/USD

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1224 ---
PIVOT Fibs Plus: Got optimized...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

To download the current release... Click >>> HERE

Get only the Custom Candles - any time frame... Click >>> HERE

For more info about this system... Click >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #1225 ---
EUR/USD

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1226 ---
v2v dynamic trading system...  New templates and default parameter values

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

To download the current release... Click >>> HERE

Get only the Custom Candles - any time frame... Click >>> HERE

For more info about this system... Click >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #1227 ---
EUR/USD

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1228 ---
ICT Silver Bullet

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1229 ---
FVG (Fair Value Gap)

You may download and use this as a guest indicator for the v2v dynamic trading system.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #1230 ---
Wide Range Bar - WRB Hidden Gap

You may download and use this too as another guest indicator for the v2v dynamic trading system.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get it >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #1231 ---
EUR/USD

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1232 ---
EUR/USD

...open positions

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1233 ---
EUR/USD

...updated positions

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1234 ---
Upcoming ICT Silver Bullet 2PM - 3PM NY time : The PM Session

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1235 ---
EUR/USD

...updated positions

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1236 ---
Upcoming.... ICT Judas Swing

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1237 ---
ICT: Asian Range High & Low

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1238 ---
DXY

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1239 ---
EUR/USD... updated positions:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1240 ---
ICT:  London KillZone

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1241 ---
Sydney-Tokyo Range High & Low

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1242 ---
Previous London Range High & Low

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1243 ---
EUR/USD... updated positions

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1244 ---
Results:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1245 ---
Custom Candles - Any Time Frame → with WRB plus Hidden Gap ( WRB + HG )

- Detects Hidden Gaps in Wide Range Bars or Bodies.

- The WRB and HG definitions are taken from the WRB Analysis Tutorial-1 by M.A. Perry from TheStrategyLab.com.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Note: Loading the new templates is a must

To download the current release... Click >>> HERE

Get only the Custom Candles - any time frame... with WRB + Hidden Gap Click >>> HERE

For more info about this system... Click >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #1246 ---
v2v dynamic trading system updates...

Custom Candles - Any Time Frame → with WRB plus Hidden Gap ( WRB + HG )
→ Added a WRB+Hidden Gap ON/OFF button
→ You may need to check/read about the WRB plus Hidden Gap feature that I fused with CC-ATF tool... HERE

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Note: Loading the new templates is a must

To download the current release... Click >>> HERE

Get only the Custom Candles - any time frame... with WRB + Hidden Gap Click >>> HERE

For more info about this system... Click >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #1247 ---
Custom Candles - Any Time Frame → with WRB plus Hidden Gap ( WRB + HG )
→ Got optimized

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Note: Loading the new templates is a must

To download the current release... Click >>> HERE

Get only the Custom Candles - any time frame... with WRB + Hidden Gap Click >>> HERE

For more info about this system... Click >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #1248 ---
Custom Candles - Any Time Frame → with WRB plus Hidden Gap

→ The navigational buttons have been dumb-proofed and their behavior has been improved.

→ Issues identified have been fixed

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Note: Loading the new templates is a must

To download the current release... Click >>> HERE

Get only the Custom Candles - any time frame... with WRB + Hidden Gap Click >>> HERE

For more info about this system... Click >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #1249 ---
EUR/USD

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1250 ---
Upcoming... New York Session: ICT Silver Bullet, and London Close KillZone

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1251 ---
Statistical Quartiles

You may use this as a confluence or an alternative to identify the following:

- Price Discount level

- Premium Price level

OR as price action levels to monitor with any of your high probability setup

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

More information >>> HERE (It is important to note that the chart images from this link show previous versions of this system from around 2020..

--- 帖子 #1252 ---
ICT Silver Bullet: 2PM-3PM NY session

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1253 ---
Instrument strength correlation

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1254 ---
Typical PIVOT Weekly (by weekly session: e.g. New York)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

VWAP as PIVOT (e.g. using VWAP as a weekly based pivot or midpoint line)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1255 ---
EUR/USD... new position

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1256 ---
v2v dynamic trading system... a project looking glass

UPDATES: (re-uploaded)PIVOT FIBS plus: Added Midnight New York session (00:00 - 24:00) Custom Candles: Fixed a small issue with open session button, and added NY midnight open session HA - APB:  Fixed small issue with TF button text (e.g. M15 Japanese Candle) while in MTF mode is ON  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Note: Loading the new templates is a must

To download the current release... Click >>> HERE

Get only the Custom Candles - any time frame... with WRB + Hidden Gap Click >>> HERE

For more info about this system... Click >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #1257 ---
Upcoming... PM Session Silver Bullet

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1258 ---
System  re-uploaded....

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1259 ---
Simply from the old school... The D.O.T.S. (Daily Open Trading System) method.

On the image, the level depicted is simply the top/bottom most target level (e.g. TP) calculated using the D.O.T.S. method.

If you would like more information on this topic, you can Google it.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1260 ---
v2v dynamic trading system... a project looking glass

UPDATES: (re-uploaded)PIVOT FIBS plus: Session ranges (e.g. average pip range, session ranges: high/low...etc) OCC-ATF_WRB+HG: Got optimized!  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Note: Loading the new templates is a must

To download the current release... Click >>> HERE

Get only the Custom Candles - any time frame... with WRB + Hidden Gap Click >>> HERE

For more info about this system... Click >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #1261 ---
Average Range in Pips

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1262 ---
EUR/USD: Volume Profile

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1263 ---
v2v dynamic trading system... a project looking glass

UPDATES (re-uploaded):PIVOT FIBS plus: Got optimized for session ranges Custom Candles - Any Time Frame with WRB plus Hidden Gap: The recurring button misbehaviors have been fixed.  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get the full system >>>HERE

--- 帖子 #1264 ---
For the time being.... This will be my last system update.  Get the full system >>>HERE

Earlier, I had a Eureka moment and I began to finalize the system for thorough testing starting next week. And then, I will trade this system with my own live trading account, and to a trading prop firm.

Once I am satisfied with the testing results, I will trade this using another more trading accounts (multiple FX brokers). I am confident that this system will succeed.

Finally, I will upload the updated v2v dynamic trading system, and then continue to refine the system as needed to ensure optimal performance.

Many thanks to the admins for sharing and supporting this platform for us members to share new ideas in pursuit to become a consistent profitable trader.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

; )---

--- 帖子 #1265 ---
It's kind of... The last update may be this one.  ; )---

The system can be used to develop your own positional trading strategy. And the information I shared/posted herein should be enough to get you started on your own road to profitability.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get the full system >>>HERE

--- 帖子 #1266 ---
v2v dynamic trading system... a project looking glass

→ Added Midday New York
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get the full system >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #1267 ---
Average Session Range

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1268 ---
An MVWAP is basically an average of the VWAP values. VWAP is only calculated per day, but MVWAP can move from day to day because it is an average of an average. This provides longer-term traders with a moving average volume-weighted price. The MVWAP on this system is using the period value from the Dominant Cycle Period tool (auto-generated)

GBP/USD

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1269 ---
USD/CAD

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1270 ---
Correlation:  USD/CAD ► AUD/JPY

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1271 ---
Correlation: USD/CHF ► EUR/USD

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1272 ---
v2v dynamic trading system.... UPDATES:

→ dynamic MyNET:  Stripped, Streamlined, and OptimizedRemoved on-chart access button parameter for VHF (but the embedded value is VHF is ON) Removed NWE  Removed on-chart access button parameter for SmoothStep (but the embedded value is ON or S0) Prices now only have the following selections... Close, Typical, and haDelta → Custom Candle - Any Time Frame (with WRB+HG):  Got optimized

→ New templates:  A must

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get the full system >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #1273 ---
...

Uploaded again... A recent update caused an issue with dynamic MyNET: (MTF mode fixed)

...

Get the full system >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #1274 ---
v2v dynamic trading system.... UPDATES:

→ dynamic MyNET: Put back the Nadaraya-Watson Estimator (NWE) → As always... New templates is a must

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get the full system >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #1275 ---
Custom Candles ► Any Time Frame ► Wide Range Bars + Hidden Gap

• Now... Optimized for Speed

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get the full system → HERE (re-uploaded)

--- 帖子 #1276 ---
v2v dynamic trading system ► dynamic MyNET ► Laguerre RSI

• The Laguerre RSI is back!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get the full system → HERE

Note: Re-uploaded  ► Removed execution timer... Custom Candle - Any Time Frame with ► WRB+HG

--- 帖子 #1277 ---
Linear Regression ► adjusted Quantitative Qualitative Estimation (double)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1278 ---
v2v dynamic trading system ► dynamic MyNET

• Streamlined... with new default order type.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get the full system → HERE

--- 帖子 #1279 ---
v2v dynamic trading system ► dynamic MyNET

— A minor iteration was applied to the handler that uses the Dominant Cycle Period (DCP)
— Removed Nadaraya-Watson Estimator
— Below are the current list of dynamic MyNET tools (in order of appearance):Linear Regression - adjusted QQE double Non-Linear Regression - adjusted QQE double QQE double (using an ADXm algo) Trend Continuation Factor Hurst Exponent Laguerre RSI (using fisher transform) Trend-Noise Balance Indicator Elegant Osci McGinley Dynamic (using RSX) Weighted Momentum Deviation (no NET option)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Get the full system »»» HERE «««

--- 帖子 #1280 ---
Someone asked to add TDI inside dynamic MyNET...

McGinley Dynamic is the closest thing to TDI under dynamic MyNET, where I use the RSX algorithm

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1281 ---
Before loading the v2v dynamic trading system onto your chart, please read and follow the following steps. The same steps should be followed for all currency pairs or instruments to ensure that enough tick/volume history is loaded. These are required for the system to run... particularly if you just recently (or first time) logged in to your "new" MT4 trading account (live/demo).

Step 1) Open an M1 chart

Step 2) Press the "F2" key to load History Center

Step 3) Navigate to the currency pair and the "1 Minute (M1)" history data for the chart you have open in your terminal (be sure to "double click" the "1 Minute (M1)" selection in the history center so it becomes the active selection)

Step 4) Then left-click once on any of the data rows in the right-hand window of the History Center (it doesn't matter which one)

Step 5) Click the "Add" button, this pops up another window titled "Bar" and the default selection is on the "year"

Step 6) Enter 1970

Step 7) Then select "OK"... and it creates a new bar with the timestamp and price info you just added.

Step 8) Now select "Close" in the History Center

Step 9) Navigate to your M1 chart of interest and then from the terminal window (press Ctrl-T) select "Journal "-> go to the main chart window and right-click the mouse button and select "Refresh"...this will refresh the chart and attempts to fill any time gaps in the chart data (which now includes your year 1970 data point) with server data

...continued...

Now your chart will have pulled anywhere from 2048 to 65536 M1 bars from your broker's server (not Metaquotes server) and is usually far more data than you can get the broker to cough up when you try and manually scroll your M1 chart back in time.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

If everything turned out fine... then you've quickly downloaded all the broker's M1 data on your currency pair that the broker can let you have, much faster than holding down the home or page-up key for minutes and minutes to get even fewer data. Now, you may continue with the rest of the timeframes. Don't forget to delete any 1970 dummy tick data after it downloads more history, then you may need to verify that after the deletion (1970 record) the maximum historical data has been obtained, otherwise add the 1970 record again.

Note (for first-time users): The v2v dynamic system must grow with the MT4 platform as it requires a broad tick data history.

Once the platform gathers enough data, the system will no longer display an error message (viewed via Expert logs). Such as..."not enough tick data to calculate", "data horizon breach", and "array out of range".

--- 帖子 #1282 ---
v2v dynamic trading system ► dynamic MyNET ► Laguerre RSI

• Laguerre RSI: Now... got supercharge with Nadaraya-Watson Estimator algorithm (a Fisher type)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

• Get the full system »»» HERE «««

--- 帖子 #1283 ---
Reimagined... Laguerre adjusted RSI-ADXm-Quantitative Qualitative Estimation (QQE) double

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

• New users should read and follow these STEPS (from the previous post).

• New templates ( a must )

• You can download and read more about the system by clicking »» HERE

--- 帖子 #1284 ---
☛ RSI with NET ( Noise Elimination Technology )

The "RSI With Noise Elimination Technology" (NET) is an indicator developed by John Elhers. The indicator is simply a rolling Kendall rank correlation coefficient of a normalized momentum oscillator (a version of the RSI introduced by Elhers in the May 2018 issue of Stocks & Commodities).

As a technical indicator, NET employs Kendall correlation to eliminate nonlinear noise. However, the application of additional filters reimagined a popular tool under the v2v dynamic trading system... dynamic MyNET

The NET is a modified version of the RocketRSI Relative Strength Index. A one-bar close price difference is calculated as the ratio between their absolute values and the sum of the recent one-bar close price differences.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1285 ---
☛ dynamic MyNET... reimagined

It doesn't hurts with Hurst Exponent
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Simply... Elegant Osci
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

A French connection with... LaGuerre adjusted RSI-QQE (double)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

• New users should read and follow these STEPS (from the previous post).

• New templates ( a must )

• You can download and read more about the system by clicking »» HERE

--- 帖子 #1286 ---
It doesn't hurts with Hurst Exponent

The Hurst exponent indicates whether a time series behaves randomly, trending, or mean-reverting. In this case, the autocorrelation increases with lag, resulting in a decreasing speed of autocorrelation. Therefore, it is an excellent trading tool.

The Hurst exponent is a measure of the memory in a time series and is used to classify the series as mean-reverting, trending, or a random walk. depending on the choice of the maximum lag parameter (i.e., whether we are looking for short or long term), the results can differ significantly.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

A brief history of Hurst Phenomenon...

The Hurst exponent is used as a measure of long-term memory of time series. It relates to the autocorrelations of the time series, and the rate at which these decrease as the lag between pairs of values increases. Studies involving the Hurst exponent were originally developed in hydrology for the practical matter of determining optimum dam sizing for the Nile river's volatile rain and drought conditions that had been observed over a long period of time. The name "Hurst exponent", or "Hurst coefficient", derives from Harold Edwin Hurst (1880–1978), who was the lead researcher in these studies; the use of the standard notation H for the coefficient also relates to his name.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1287 ---
dynamic MyNET =► McGinley Dynamic

The McGinley Dynamic indicator is a type of moving average that was designed to track the market better than existing moving average indicators. It is a technical indicator that improves upon moving average lines by adjusting for shifts in market speed. John R. McGinley, a market technician, is the inventor of the eponymous indicator.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

KEY TAKEAWAYSThe McGinley Dynamic indicator is a type of moving average that was designed to track the market better than existing moving average indicators. This indicator solves the issue of varying market speeds by incorporating an automatic adjustment factor into its formula, which speeds (or slows) the indicator in trending, or ranging, markets. The McGinley Dynamic indicator improves upon conventional moving averages by minimizing price separations and volatile whipsaws so that price action is more accurately reflected. Understanding McGinley Dynamic Indicator

The McGinley Dynamic indicator attempts to solve a problem inherent in moving averages that use fixed time lengths. The basic problem is that the market, being the great discounting mechanism that it is, reacts to events at a speed that a moving average will not be able to cope with.

This issue is called the lag, and there is no type of moving average, whether it be simple (SMA), exponential (EMA), or weighted (LWMA), that is not affected by this. Understandably, this will call into question the reliability of that moving average. The McGinley Dynamic indicator takes into account speed changes in a market (hence, "dynamic") to show a smoother, more responsive, moving average line.

The speed of the market is not consistent; it frequently speeds up and slows down. Traditional moving averages, such as a simple moving average or an exponential moving average, fail to account for this market characteristic. The McGinley Dynamic indicator solves this problem by incorporating an automatic smoothing factor into its formula to adjust to market moves. This speeds, or slows, the indicator in trending, or ranging, markets.

This is not to say that the aforementioned issue of lag has been eradicated, only that the reaction to market movement is faster. The key point to note is that, due to its smoothing constant, it will be more market reactive than other moving averages. The user can customize this indicator through the selection of the number of periods.

Source: Investopedia dot com

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

• New users should read and follow these STEPS (from the previous post).

• New templates ( a must )

• You can download and read more about the system by clicking »» HERE

--- 帖子 #1288 ---
The current release of the v2v dynamic trading system:

• New users should read and follow these STEPS (from the previous post).

• New templates ( a must )

• You can download and read more about the system by clicking »» HERE

Download and rename the PDF file (it's actually an archive file) with file extension (from ".pdf " to".zip") ► v2v_dynamic_trading_system.zip
At post time... There seems to be an ongoing issue with forexfactory uploads with zip or rar extension files.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1289 ---
dynamic MyNET  ► Nadaraya-Watson Estimator

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

• New users should read and follow these STEPS (from the previous post).

• New templates ( a must )

• You can download and read more about the system by clicking »» HERE

--- 帖子 #1290 ---
LaGuerre RSI... adjusted Linear Regression: ADXm - Qualitative Quantitative Estimation (double)

v2v dynamic trading system ► dynamic MyNET Fixed a recalculation issue based on previous updates  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

• New users should read and follow these STEPS (from the previous post).

• New templates ( a must )

• You can download and read more about the system by clicking »» HERE

--- 帖子 #1291 ---
v2v dynamic trading system
​​

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

• New users should read and follow these STEPS (from the previous post).

• New templates ( a must )

• You can download and read more about the system by clicking »» HERE

--- 帖子 #1292 ---
Does it Hurts with Hurst Exponent?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

• New users should read and follow these STEPS (from the previous post).

• New templates ( a must )

• You can download and read more about the system by clicking »» HERE

--- 帖子 #1293 ---
v2v dynamic trading system

After some recent updates, it got optimized.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
• New users should read and follow these STEPS (from the previous post).
• New templates ( a must )
• You can download and read more about the system by clicking »» HERE

--- 帖子 #1294 ---
dynamic MyNET  ​​​​​​​► Nadaraya-Watson Estimator

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

• New templates ( a must )

• You can download and read more about the system by clicking »» HERE

--- 帖子 #1295 ---
dynamic MyNET  ► Trend Continuation Factor (TCF)

TCF... just got Elegant!
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Just How Long Will A Trend Go On?

Trend Continuation Factor
by M.H. Pee

Yes, trends are important: They help you make money and they help you recover your losses.

Because trends are an important component of the market, it is imperative you can detect them. However, it's not enough to just identify a trend. It's also crucial to be able to tell the direction of the current trend. Although trends can make you the most money in the shortest time when you are in sync with them, they can also cause you to sustain heavy losses if your position is in the opposite direction. To avoid getting caught in such a situation, I created the trend continuation factor (TCF), an indicator that identifies the trend and its direction.

Get more info with the attached PDF file herein...

Attached File(s)   Just How Long Will A Trend Go On - Trend Continuation Factor M.H. Pee.pdf

199 KB
|
271 downloads

TCF with NET (Noise Elimination Technology)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

• New users should read and follow these STEPS (from the previous post).

• New templates ( a must )

• You can download and read more about the system by clicking »» HERE

--- 帖子 #1296 ---
London KillZone ► 2AM - 5AM ≈ New York time

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1297 ---
dynamic MyNET ► Trend-noise Balance Indicator ( TBI )

TBI...estimated-adjusted ADXm-QQE
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Trend Quality B-Indicator : Trend-noise Balance Indicator

B-Indicator is a banded oscillator that fluctuates originally between 0 and 100 (again, this variation uses dynamic bands or zones). It is calculated by dividing absolute trend by noise added to absolute trend, and scaling the result as necessary. The B-indicator doesn’t show the direction of price movement, but only the existence of the trend and its strength. It requires additional tools for reversal manifestations.

The Trend-Quality Indicator as described by David Sepiashvili in [Stocks & Commodities V. 22:4 (14-20)]. David Sepiashvili's article in this issue, "Trend-Quality Indicator," describes a method of assessing trend strength. To accomplish this, Sepiashvili uses a summing process to determine the cumulative price change (CPC). The CPC is reset to zero at every trend reversal. Trend reversals are based on the crossing of two moving averages. The CPC is "piecewise" averaged to produce the trend, which in turn is compared to a noise calculation to produce the quality indicator.

TBI with NET (Noise Elimination Technology)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

• New users should read and follow these STEPS (from the previous post).

• New templates ( a must )

• You can download and read more about the system by clicking »» HERE

--- 帖子 #1298 ---
v2v dynamic trading system ► dynamic MyNEToptimize z-score value and global band/set range handling
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1299 ---
dynamic MyNET ► SmoothStep function....

There are many cases in which we need normalized values (computer graphics, machine learning, technical analysis). There are several ways to accomplish this, including SmoothStep. It belongs to the family of sigmoidal (clamping in this case, since this indicator, as it is, is not used for interpolation) functions, and it produces a subset of what is the built-in stochastic, except that in its original range of 0 to 1 and that it filters out some values that stochastic produces. This makes SmoothStep more suitable for some applications, such as clamping, where you don't want to have values above or below the desired range. Additionally, SmoothStep is computationally efficient, making it a good choice for applications where speed is a priority.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

This version is using a property of a smooth step that it can be further smoothed - based on Kenneth H. Perlin's (a professor in the Department of Computer Science at New York University) idea. His work centered around something called “Sigmoid Function” having a characteristic “S”-shaped curve or sigmoid curve which eventually levels off.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The sigmoid function is a special case of a logistic function that has S-shaped characteristic.

Properties of Sigmoid FunctionDomain: (-infinite, +infinite) Range: (0, 1) x(0) = ½ = 0.5 The sigmoid function is continuous and monotonically increasing everywhere. The function is differentiable everywhere. Maps feature space into probability function:

– When x-> + infinity, the value of the sigmoid function will be close to 1.

– When x-> -infinity, the value of the sigmoid function will be close to 0.

– For x = 0, the value of the sigmoid function will be ½. Advantages and Limitations of Sigmoid FunctionIt gives a smooth gradient that prevents jumps in output values. One of the best-normalized functions. When used with a linear function, it will return a value between 0 and 1, which does not make the activation value disappear. Gradient values are only significant for the range -3 to 3.

The graph will have minimal gradients for values greater than 3 or smaller than -3. The main disadvantage of the sigmoid function is that it suffers from the vanishing gradient problem.

As the gradient value approaches zero, the network ceases to learn and suffers from a vanishing gradient descent problem When sigmoid is used and:

Inputs are non-zero centered; then saturation is a concern

– Saturation implies gradient will be zero. Extremely greater or smaller values are mapped to the extremities to 0 and 1.
► UPDATES:A button has been added to the SmoothStep, and its calculation has been optimized. Restore the button for Vertical Horizontal Filter (VHF) as well

• New users MUST read and follow these STEPS.

• New templates ( a must )

• You can download and read more about the system by clicking »» HERE

--- 帖子 #1300 ---
Please read the below information before loading the v2v dynamic trading system (templates) on your chart.

Each currency pair or instrument must follow the following steps to load enough tick/volume history. Thus, these are required for the system to function properly... especially if this is your first time logging-in to your (new) live/demo account.

Step 1) Open an M1 chart

Step 2) Press the "F2" key to load History Center

Step 3) Navigate to the currency pair and the "1 Minute (M1)" history data for the chart you have open in your terminal (be sure to "double click" the "1 Minute (M1)" selection in the history center so it becomes the active selection)

Step 4) Then left-click once on any of the data rows in the right-hand window of the History Center (it doesn't matter which one)

Step 5) Click the "Add" button, this pops up another window titled "Bar" and the default selection is on the "year"

Step 6) Enter 1970

Step 7) Then select "OK"... and it creates a new bar with the timestamp and price info you just added.

Step 8) Now select "Close" in the History Center

Step 9) Navigate to your M1 chart of interest and then from the terminal window (press Ctrl-T) select "Journal "-> go to the main chart window and right-click the mouse button and select "Refresh"...this will refresh the chart and attempts to fill any time gaps in the chart data (which now includes your year 1970 data point) with server data
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

...continued...

The chart will now have pulled anywhere between 2048 and 65536 M1 bars from your broker's server (not Metaquotes), which is usually more data than you can manually scroll back in time when you manually scroll your M1 chart.

If everything went smoothly... then you've quickly downloaded all the broker's M1 data on your currency pair that the broker can let you have. This is much faster than holding down the home or page-up key for minutes and minutes to get even fewer data. Now, you may continue with the rest of the timeframes. Once more history is downloaded, be sure to delete any 1970 dummy tick data. Next, you may need to verify that after the deletion (1970 record) the maximum historical data has been obtained, otherwise add the 1970 record again.

Note (for first-time users): The v2v dynamic system must grow with the MT4 platform as it requires a broad tick data history.

Once the platform gathers enough data, the system will no longer display an error message (viewed via Expert logs). Such as..."not enough tick data to calculate", "data horizon breach", and "array out of range".

--- 帖子 #1301 ---
Nadaraya-Watson Estimator ► SmoothStep function (S0 & S1) with Vertical Horizontal Filter (VHF) is ON

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1302 ---
dynamic MyNET

UPDATES:
► SmoothStep function: Now... Only 'S' the smooth step is OFF, S0 (order 0), S1 (order 1), and S(n)  where order 'n' is Period divided by 2
► Linear-Regression adj ADXm-QQE (double)... optimized calculation
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
• New users MUST read and follow these STEPS.
• New templates ( a must )
• You can download and read more about the system by clicking »» HERE

--- 帖子 #1303 ---
dynamic MyNET ► Weighted-Momentum Deviation...

Just put back the Weighted-Momentum Deviation adjusted ADXm-Quantitative Qualitative Estimation (double)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
• New users MUST read and follow these STEPS.
• New templates (a must)
• You can download and read more about the system by clicking »» HERE

--- 帖子 #1304 ---
dynamic MyNET ► Weighted-Momentum Deviation

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1305 ---
dynamic MyNET ► Nadaraya-Watson Estimator (NWE)

RMA, which is a variation of SMA, was used to filter NWE using phase accumulation of MACD values. In comparison with a regular EMA, it produces almost as fast as a regular one.

Note:  The other ones that uses RMA using phase accumulation of MACD inside dynamic MyNET are... LrQ, HuE, TBI, and WmD
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
• New users MUST read and follow these STEPS.
• New templates (a must)
• You can download and read more about the system by clicking »» HERE

--- 帖子 #1306 ---
dynamic MyNET ► Relative Moving Average...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

• New users MUST read and follow these STEPS.
• New templates (a must)
• You can download and read more about the system by clicking »» HERE

--- 帖子 #1307 ---
dynamic MyNET ► Laguerre...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

• New users MUST read and follow these STEPS.
• New templates (a must)
• You can download and read more about the system by clicking »» HERE

--- 帖子 #1308 ---
dynamic MyNET ► Detrended Ehlers Leading Indicator (DELI)

For next week's system update

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1309 ---
dynamic MyNET ► RMA, KAMA, T3, DELI...

• An access button switch for the T3 calculation method has been added...
• As well as the Kaufman Adaptive Moving Average (KAMA) and the Running Moving Average (RMA).
• Added Detrended Ehlers Leading Indicator (DELI)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The Detrended Ehlers Leading Indicator (DELI) was authored by Jon Ehlers (See “MESA and Trading Market Cycles” by John Ehlers). The DELI uses highs, previous high, lows, previous lows and feedback to create two exponential moving averages. First, Detrended Synthetic Price (DSP) is plotted as their difference. Then a third exponential moving average is created from the DSP and the DELI is plotted as their difference.

The Kaufman Adaptive Moving Average (KAMA) is a technical analysis indicator developed by the American quantitative financial theorist Perry J. Kaufman in 1998. KAMA is a trend-following indicator that uses a series of calculations to adapt to market conditions and reduce noise.

A Modified Moving Average (MMA) — Otherwise known as the Running Moving Average or Relative Moving Average, or SMoothed Moving Average (SMMA) is an indicator that shows the average value of a security's price over a period of time. It works very similar to the Exponential Moving Average, they are equivalent but for different periods (e.g., the MMA value for a 14-day period will be the same as EMA-value for a 27-days period).

MMA is partly calculated like SMA: the first point of the MMA is calculated the same way it is done for SMA. However, other points are calculated differently:the new price is added first and then the last average is subtracted from the resulting sum.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

• New users MUST read and follow these STEPS.
• New templates (a must)
• You can download and read more about the system by clicking »» HERE

--- 帖子 #1310 ---
v2v dynamic trading system ► dynamic MyNET...

• Calculation optimizations: For Set Range and zScore

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

• New users MUST read and follow these STEPS.
• New templates (a must)
• You can download and read more about the system by clicking »» HERE

--- 帖子 #1311 ---
v2v dynamic trading system ► McGinley Dynamic...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1312 ---
v2v dynamic trading system ► dynamic MyNET

•  dynamic MYNET is currently unavailable.   I need to fix some issues.

--- 帖子 #1313 ---
v2v dynamic trading system ► dynamic MyNET

• Resolved a few issues that occurred during previous updates
• Some tools were removed, but algorithm was kept so it could be used with other tools (e.g. adjusted linear regression/ADXm).
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
• New users MUST read and follow these STEPS.
• New templates (a must)
• You can download and read more about the system by clicking »» HERE

--- 帖子 #1314 ---
dynamic MyNET ► Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA)

The goal is to use this scientific tool for technical analysis. In order to understand SSA, we should focus on what it does rather than what it is. In this method, time series are decomposed and reconstructed.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

With Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA), we break down all the oscillations in a series into a few eigenvectors, which represent oscillation patterns. Furthermore, the significance of these patterns or eigenvalues is estimated.

“Eigen” is a German word, translating to “characteristic”. Eigenvectors are structure functions that effectively represent price modes of behavior. The eigenvalues measure the variance these modes account for. The eigenvectors can be ordered by eigenvalue, highest to lowest, so that the first few patterns retain most of the variance in the data. As a whole, the ordered eigenvalues are referred to as the singular spectrum.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Note: SSA is basically recalculates

The above screenshot shows that the RMA is ON with SSA. RMA adapts to changing market conditions. By giving greater weight to recent price data, it is more responsive to short-term price fluctuations and can help traders capture shorter-term trends. Therefore, it provides a more accurate representation of price movements by assigning greater weight to more recent data points. Hence, by using the RMA in conjunction with SSA, traders can enhance their decision-making process and potentially improve their trading outcomes.

However, it is important to note that like any technical indicator, the SSA & RMA is not infallible and should be used in conjunction with other (your own tried & tested) analysis tools and risk management strategies. It is also crucial to consider the context of the market and other factors that may influence price movements.

• New users MUST read and follow these STEPS.
• New templates (a must)
• You can download and read more about the system by clicking »» HERE

--- 帖子 #1315 ---
dynamic MyNET ► Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA)

• SSA got optimized along with RMA and KAMA

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

• New users MUST read and follow these STEPS.
• New templates (a must)
• You can download and read more about the system by clicking »» HERE

--- 帖子 #1316 ---
v2v dynamic trading system ► dynamic MyNET

• Trend Continuation Factor (TCF) — Now... got adjusted ADXm QQE (double) with activated MA method.
• SSA — by default is OFF: For faster loading.
• The tool order of appearance got re-sorted accordingly.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

• New users MUST read and follow these STEPS.
• New templates (a must)
• You can download and read more about the system by clicking »» HERE

--- 帖子 #1317 ---
TCF with NET (Noise Elimination Technology)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1318 ---
dynamic MyNET ► Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA)

• Now... with NO End-Point

– Embedded parameters for SSA:
Inserted Code             int SSALag                        = 21;
int SSANumberOfComputations       = 2;
int SSAPeriodNormalization        = global.period;
int SSANumberOfBars               = MathMax(300,(MinBars/2)-100);
int FirstBar                      = MathMax(400,MinBars/2);
• Added MTF Interpolation parameter... Quadratic Interpolation (default), Linear Interpolation, and No interpolation
• Fixed small issue with TCF tool

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

• New users MUSTread and follow these STEPS.
• New templates (a must) ...with stripped template (v2v_simple.tpl)
• You can download and read more about the system by clicking »» HERE

--- 帖子 #1319 ---
v2v dynamic trading system ► dynamic MyNET

• Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) got optimized:

— SSA is ON: Price line uses SMA... OFF: uses the MA Filter (T3 or Zero-lag TEMA)... and the Signal line uses embedded DSEMA

— By default, SSA is turned OFF, which speeds up loading and processing.

• McGinley Dynamic tool was removed, but its algorithm was kept for use with other tools within
• Fixed identified issues based on recent releases.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

• New users MUSTread and follow these STEPS.
• New templates (a must) ...with stripped template (v2v_simple.tpl)
• You can download and read more about the system by clicking »» HERE

--- 帖子 #1320 ---
v2v dynamic trading system ► dynamic MyNET...

• Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) — Now... with End-Point (based on mladen's norm EP):  This variation is uniquely applied with NET technology

SSA processes heavily with the required library file (libSSA.dll - not to mention the o.g. dynamicZone.dll)... I restored the ON/OFF switch as it would be helpful to have a button feature like that. By turning the tool off, you'll have an easier time setting up your v2v dynamic trading systems' set-up combos. The dynamic MyNET would automatically turn off whenever the internet was lost or the platform was disconnected from the MT4 server (broker), so it could load other tools first.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

• New users MUSTread and follow these STEPS.
• New templates (a must) ...with stripped template (v2v_simple.tpl)
• You can download and read more about the system by clicking »» HERE

--- 帖子 #1321 ---
The expert reviews...

❝ His chart... You can tell it's real because it looks so fake, honestly. ❞ ; )─ Elon Musk

❝ The Swiss Army Knife for the MT4 trading platform. ❞ ; )─ ChatGPT

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1322 ---
Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) is a technique used in time-series analysis to decompose a time series into its underlying components and extract meaningful patterns, trends, and cyclic behavior. SSA has found applications in various fields, including finance and trading.

In trading, Singular Spectrum Analysis can be employed for time-series forecasting, noise reduction, and signal extraction. It helps traders and analysts identify hidden patterns and trends in financial data, which can be used for making informed decisions and developing trading strategies.

The basic steps of Singular Spectrum Analysis are as follows:Embedding: The time series is embedded into a trajectory matrix by stacking consecutive time-delayed versions of the series. This matrix represents the trajectory of the time series in a higher-dimensional space. Singular Value Decomposition (SVD): The trajectory matrix is decomposed using Singular Value Decomposition, which involves breaking down the matrix into three components: left singular vectors, singular values, and right singular vectors. Grouping: The singular values and vectors are grouped to form components that capture the underlying structures in the time series. These components represent the trend, cyclic patterns, and noise in the data. Reconstruction: The identified components are combined to reconstruct the original time series. Depending on the specific application, traders may use specific components or their combinations for various purposes, such as forecasting or noise reduction. The advantage of SSA is its ability to handle non-linear and non-stationary time series, which are common characteristics of financial data. By separating the components of a time series, traders can focus on specific patterns, trends, or cyclic behavior and potentially gain insights into market behavior and develop trading strategies accordingly.

However, like any analytical technique, SSA also has limitations and requires careful parameter selection and interpretation of results. As with any trading analysis method, it's essential to combine SSA with other tools, perform robustness tests, and consider risk management when implementing trading strategies. Traders should exercise caution and consider using SSA as part of a comprehensive trading analysis toolkit rather than relying solely on this method.

--- 帖子 #1323 ---
In trading, the Nadaraya-Watson Estimator (NWE), also known as kernel regression is a statistical method used for non-parametric regression and prediction tasks. It is named after its inventors, E.P. Nadaraya and G. Watson, who introduced it in the 1960s.

The NWE is commonly used in finance and trading for modeling relationships between variables and making predictions based on historical data. It is particularly useful when the relationship between variables is non-linear and cannot be adequately described by simple linear models.

The NWE can be applied to various trading-related tasks, including:Forecasting: Traders and analysts can use the estimator to predict future values of financial instruments, such as stock prices or exchange rates, based on historical data. Smoothing: The estimator can help remove noise or fluctuations from a time series, providing a clearer view of underlying trends and patterns. Signal Extraction: Traders may use the Nadaraya-Watson estimator to identify underlying signals in noisy data, helping them make informed decisions in financial markets. The basic idea behind the Nadaraya-Watson estimator is to estimate the conditional expectation of a dependent variable (e.g., stock price) given an independent variable (e.g., time or market index). It does this by assigning weights to observed data points based on their proximity to the target point and their relevance to the prediction. The closer the data point to the target point, the higher its weight in the estimation process.

Mathematically, for a set of data points (x_i, y_i), where x_i is the independent variable and y_i is the dependent variable, and for a new input value x, the Nadaraya-Watson estimator is defined as follows:
E(y | x) = (∑[i=1 to n] K((x - x_i) / h) * y_i) / (∑[i=1 to n] K((x - x_i) / h))
Where:K(u) is the kernel function, a symmetric function that determines the weight assigned to each data point based on its distance from the target point (x). h is the bandwidth parameter, controlling the width of the neighborhood used to estimate the conditional expectation. It affects the smoothness of the estimator and should be carefully chosen to achieve optimal results. The choice of the kernel function and bandwidth parameter depends on the specific characteristics of the data and the underlying relationship between the variables. Traders typically use cross-validation or other optimization techniques to determine the most suitable values for these parameters.

Overall, the Nadaraya-Watson estimator provides traders with a flexible and powerful tool for analyzing time series data and making predictions in financial markets, especially when traditional linear models may not be sufficient to capture the complexity of market dynamics.

--- 帖子 #1324 ---
The SmoothStep function is a mathematical function commonly used in computer graphics and animation to create smooth transitions or animations between two values over a specified range. In the context of trading, the SmoothStep function might be used for smoothing price data or generating signals for trading strategies that involve gradual transitions.

The SmoothStep function takes three arguments: an input value (usually normalized within a specified range), a minimum value of the range, and a maximum value of the range. It returns a value between 0 and 1, providing a smooth interpolation between the minimum and maximum values.

The formula for the SmoothStep function is as follows:

SmoothStep(x) = 3 * x^2 - 2 * x^3
where x is the normalized input value within the range [0, 1]. The normalized input value is calculated as (input - minimum) / (maximum - minimum), so it falls within the [0, 1] range.

The function has the following properties:SmoothStep(0) = 0: The function returns 0 when the input value is at its minimum. SmoothStep(1) = 1: The function returns 1 when the input value is at its maximum. SmoothStep'(0) = 0 and SmoothStep'(1) = 0: The first derivative is 0 at both ends, resulting in smooth transitions. In trading, the SmoothStep function can be used for various purposes, such as:Smoothing Price Data: Traders might use the SmoothStep function to smooth out noisy price data, making it easier to identify trends or patterns. Generating Trading Signals: The function can be used to generate trading signals based on smoothed indicators or price data. For example, a SmoothStep function might be applied to an oscillator to generate buy or sell signals when it crosses certain thresholds smoothly. Risk Management: The SmoothStep function could also be used to create smooth transitions in position sizing or risk allocation strategies. When using the SmoothStep function in trading strategies, it's important to consider the specific context and adjust the range and parameters of the function according to the characteristics of the data and the desired outcomes. As with any trading tool or function, it should be tested thoroughly and combined with other analysis techniques for robust decision-making.

--- 帖子 #1325 ---
KAMA stands for Kaufman Adaptive Moving Average, and it is a type of adaptive moving average used in technical analysis and trading. The KAMA was developed by Perry Kaufman and introduced in his book "Smarter Trading" in 1993.

The KAMA is designed to be adaptive, meaning that it dynamically adjusts its smoothing period based on market conditions. Traditional moving averages use fixed time periods, such as 10, 50, or 200 periods, which can result in lagging signals during choppy or volatile market conditions. In contrast, the KAMA aims to be more responsive during trending markets and smoother during sideways or ranging markets.

The calculation of the KAMA involves three main steps:Efficiency Ratio (ER): The Efficiency Ratio measures the price movement relative to the average true range (ATR) over a specified period. It helps determine the level of noise or volatility in the market.
ER = |Close - Close (n) | / Sum of |Close (i) - Close (i-1)| for i = 1 to n
Where "Close" refers to the current closing price, "Close (n)" is the closing price n periods ago, and n is the lookback period for the efficiency ratio calculation. Smoothing Constant (SC): The Smoothing Constant determines the level of responsiveness of the KAMA to recent price movements. A low SC results in a more stable and smoother KAMA, while a higher SC makes it more responsive to recent price changes. Adaptive Constant (AC): The Adaptive Constant adjusts the smoothing period of the KAMA based on the Efficiency Ratio. It ensures that the KAMA shortens during high volatility and lengthens during low volatility. Once the Efficiency Ratio, Smoothing Constant, and Adaptive Constant are calculated, the KAMA is computed using the following formula:

KAMA = KAMA (prev) + SC * (Price - KAMA (prev))
Where "KAMA (prev)" is the KAMA value of the previous period, "Price" is the current price, and "SC" is the smoothing constant.

Traders often use the KAMA as a trend-following indicator or as a component in more complex trading systems. It can be used to generate buy and sell signals based on crossovers with other moving averages or as a reference for determining the prevailing trend in the market. As with any trading indicator, it is essential to combine the KAMA with other tools and conduct thorough testing before incorporating it into a trading strategy.

--- 帖子 #1326 ---
Nadaraya-Watson Estimator (NWE) ► SSA ► SmoothStep function ► KAMA

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1327 ---
dynamic MyNET ►Weighted Deviation

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1328 ---
dynamic MyNET ► UPDATES

• Optimized indicator ON/OFF switch button
• Fixed an issue with SmoothStep function "S0"
• New default parameter values (get the new templates)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

• New users MUSTread and follow these STEPS.
• New templates (a must) ...with stripped template (v2v_simple.tpl)
• You can download and read more about the system by clicking »» HERE

--- 帖子 #1329 ---
dynamic MyNET ► UPDATES

Finally! It's all good now  ; )—

• Now...The Vertical Horizontal Filter (VHF) is being turned OFF while the Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) is turned ON
• Applied dumb proofing between VHF and SSA button behaviors
• New default parameter values (please get the new templates)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

• New users MUSTread and follow these STEPS.
• New templates (a must) ...with stripped template (v2v_simple.tpl)
• You can download and read more about the system by clicking »» HERE

--- 帖子 #1330 ---
dynamic MyNET ► NEMA - DEMA - TEMA

If the depth is set to 1, NEMA is equal to EMA, for depth 2 it is equal to DEMA, for depth 3 it is equal to TEMA

• Added NEMA on the MA Method parameter... Now... with KAMA, RMA, NEMA, DEMA, and TEMA
• The implementation of Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) has been slightly adjusted.
• New default parameter values (please use the new templates)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

• New users MUST read and follow these STEPS.
• New templates (a must) ...with stripped template (v2v_simple.tpl)
• You can download and read more about the system by clicking »» HERE

--- 帖子 #1331 ---
As soon as the trading week begins, I'm eager to put my Swiss Army Knife to the test ; )—

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1332 ---
dynamic MyNET ► SmoothStep function

• Adjusted and optimized the SmoothStep function (e.g. S0, S1, Sn)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

• New users MUST read and follow these STEPS.
• New templates (a must) ...with stripped template (v2v_simple.tpl)
• You can download and read more about the system by clicking »» HERE

--- 帖子 #1333 ---
dynamic MyNET ► VHF ► SmoothStep ► SSA

• Due to a previously identified constraint, I adjusted the switching behavior again to these buttons »» SSA, SmoothStep, and VHF.
• Removed only the LWMA optional mode filter.
• Updated the default parameter values... As a result, please make use of the templates provided.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

• New users MUST read and follow these STEPS.
• New templates (a must) ...with stripped template (v2v_simple.tpl)
• You can download and read more about the system by clicking »» HERE

--- 帖子 #1334 ---
dynamic MyNET ► Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA)

• Due to a previously identified issue, I finally found and resolved what causes it »» RMA phase accumulation of MACD.
• Updated the default parameter values... As a result, please make use of the templates provided.
• SSA normally recalculates... Even more noticeable inside dynamic MyNET architecture.
• Below code snippet shows an updated SSA's embedded parameter calculation:

Inserted Code if(workSSA == ON) { //SSA calc
double ssaIn[];
double ssaOut[];
int SSALag                        = workMTF != ON ? 21 : (global.period < 14 ? 14 : 9);
int SSANumberOfComputations       = workMTF != ON ? 2 : 1;
int SSAPeriodNormalization        = global.vhf == ON ? (int)global.vperiod : global.period;

ChkPeriod(SSAPeriodNormalization,SSALag); //Check if SSALag < SSAPeriodNormalization... Else swap their value

int SSANumberOfBars               = workMTF != ON ? MathMax(300,(MinBars/2)-100) : MathMax(150,(MinBars/3)-50);
int FirstBar                      = workMTF != ON ? MathMax(400,MinBars/2) : MathMax(200,MinBars/3);
if (i<=FirstBar){
int ssaBars = MathMin(Bars-i,SSANumberOfBars);
if (ssaBars<SSALag) continue;
if (ArraySize(ssaIn) != ssaBars){
ArrayResize(ssaIn ,ssaBars);
ArrayResize(ssaOut,ssaBars);
}
ArrayCopy(ssaIn,my,0,i,ssaBars);
fastSingular(ssaIn,ssaBars,SSALag,SSANumberOfComputations,ssaOut);
net[i] = DivZero(ssaOut[0],global.netDenom);
}
} //End SSA calc
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

• New users MUST read and follow these STEPS.
• New templates (a must) ...with stripped template (v2v_simple.tpl)
• You can download and read more about the system by clicking »» HERE

--- 帖子 #1335 ---
dynamic MyNET  ► Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA)

•  Just a simple optimization...
•  Updated the default parameter values... As a result, please make use of the templates provided.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

• New users MUST read and follow these STEPS.
• New templates (a must) ...with stripped template (v2v_simple.tpl)
• You can download and read more about the system by clicking »» HERE

--- 帖子 #1336 ---
dynamic MyNET  ► Adaptive Moving Average (AMA)

In “Adaptive Moving Averages”, author Vitali Apirine introduces an AMA technique based on Perry Kaufman’s KAMA (Kaufman adaptive moving average).

•  Added AMA as an MA Method
•  Updated the default parameter values... As a result, please make use of the templates provided.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

• New users MUST read and follow these STEPS.
• New templates (a must) ...with stripped template (v2v_simple.tpl)
• You can download and read more about the system by clicking »» HERE

--- 帖子 #1337 ---
v2v dynamic trading system  ► dynamic MyNET

• Dumb proofing the global.period input parameter... e.g. Price Period ( min 6 : max Period <= 14 )
•  Updated the default parameter values... As a result, please make use of the templates provided.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

• New users MUST read and follow these STEPS.
• New templates (a must) ...with stripped template (v2v_simple.tpl)
• You can download and read more about the system by clicking »» HERE

--- 帖子 #1338 ---
v2v dynamic trading system ► UPDATES

• Candle bars for Heiken-Ashi APB have been optimized
• In addition, with dynamic MyNET... The SSA status state is toggled OFF by default when reloading (v2v template) or switching to another timeframe. What's the reason? In order to load much faster. Therefore, you can turn it back ON when needed.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

• New users MUST read and follow these STEPS.
• New templates (a must) ...with stripped template (v2v_simple.tpl)
• You can download and read more about the system by clicking »» HERE

--- 帖子 #1339 ---
v2v dynamic trading system ► dynamic MyNET

• Removed the Mode Filter button (SMA, T3 , Price iFilter), and moved it as an embedded Price iFilter only

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

• New users MUST read and follow these STEPS.
• New templates (a must) ...with stripped template (v2v_simple.tpl)
• You can download and read more about the system by clicking »» HERE

--- 帖子 #1340 ---
dynamic MyNET ► Arnaud Legoux Moving Average (ALMA)

As the name suggests, the ALMA indicator is a moving average (MA) variant and was created by Arnaud Legoux in 2009. The goal was to decrease the lag commonly encountered with moving averages.

• Added ALMA as another MA method (AMA, RMA, KAMA, ALMA, NEMA, DEMA, TEMA)
• Updated the default parameter values... As a result, please make use of the templates provided.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

• New users MUST read and follow these STEPS.
• New templates (a must) ...with stripped template (v2v_simple.tpl)
• You can download and read more about the system by clicking »» HERE

--- 帖子 #1341 ---
EUR/USD: D1 Chart ► Weekly MTF ► Monthly Custom Candle ► PIVOT-VWAP Quarterly

...Method MA: ALMA

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1342 ---
EUR/USD: H1 Chart | HA Candle - H4 MTF mode | H8 custom candle

...RMA - SSA - SmoothStep function - VHF adaptive

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1343 ---
v2v dynamic trading system ► Volume Profile

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1344 ---
dynamic MyNET ► synthetic VIX (sVIX)

• Added the sVIX

The Synthetic VIX Indicator is a market volatility meter. For calculating the volatility index, it closely monitors price-action changes. In order to determine the level of price volatility, we use the index value as a scale.

Initially, this indicator was developed to track the level of volatility in the S&P 500. Today, you can use Synthetic VIX  for analyzing forex currency pairs and other types of trading assets.

Furthermore, it offers the easiest demonstration of price index states when compared with other MT4 volatility indicators. This is a good technical indicator for beginners. Moreover, it works well for experienced traders as well.

Here is the formula → based on Larry Williams’ article "Fix the VIX":
Synthetic VIX value = [{Highest(Close,Period) – Low}/{Highest(Close,Period)}]

Now... below is the variation of Synthetic VIX ► the sVIX under dynamic MyNET
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

• New users MUSTread and follow these STEPS.
• New templates (a must) ...with stripped template (v2v_simple.tpl)
• You can download and read more about the system by clicking »» HERE

--- 帖子 #1345 ---
dynamic MyNET ► synthetic VIX (sVIX)

• Fixed an issue identified with the sVIX

Now... below is the variation of Synthetic VIX ► the sVIX under dynamic MyNET

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

• New users MUSTread and follow these STEPS.
• New templates (a must) ...with stripped template (v2v_simple.tpl)
• You can download and read more about the system by clicking »» HERE

--- 帖子 #1346 ---
v2v dynamic trading system ► UPDATES

• Added set "GMT +4" selection for PIVOT FIBS Plus and Custom Candle Any TF
• Fixed a small issue with DCP button switch while on MTF mode for dynamic MyNET

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

• New users MUST read and follow these STEPS.
• New templates (a must) ...with stripped template (v2v_simple.tpl)
• You can download and read more about the system by clicking »» HERE

--- 帖子 #1347 ---
TEMA

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1348 ---
Google knows ; )—

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1349 ---
dynamic MyNET ► got optimized

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

• New users MUST read and follow these STEPS.
• Updated templates and default parameter value (a must) ...with stripped template (v2v_simple.tpl)
• You can download and read more about the system by clicking »» HERE

--- 帖子 #1350 ---
► Nadaraya-Watson Estimator (NWE)
.... Adaptive Moving Average (AMA)
.... Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA)
.... SmoothStep function

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1351 ---
When I lose my deposits or burn my account  ; )—

Inserted Video

And... If I continue to do so  ; )—

Inserted Video

--- 帖子 #1352 ---
dynamic MyNET ► got optimized

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

• New users MUST read and follow these STEPS.
• Updated templates and default parameter value (a must) ...with stripped template (v2v_simple.tpl)
• You can download and read more about the system by clicking »» HERE

--- 帖子 #1353 ---
dynamic MyNET ► Trend Continuation Factor (TCF)

Developed by M. H. Pee, the Trend Continuation Factor aims to help traders identify whether the market is trending, and, in case it is, in what direction it is headed. It can be used in any time frame, with every currency pair and is suitable for beginner traders.  Get more info >>> HERE

...but the below is the hybrid version under dynamic MyNET

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1354 ---
dynamic MyNET ► got optimized

— KAMA
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

• New users MUST read and follow these STEPS.
• Using v2v templates is a must (with stripped template - v2v_simple.tpl)
• You can download and read more about the system by clicking »» HERE

--- 帖子 #1355 ---
AUD/USD : using v2v_simple_vpr template  ► a Volume Profile setup

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1356 ---
AUD/USD... MTF mode (H1)

...Volume Profile setup and Anchored VWAP (or MVWAP)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1357 ---
AUD/USD

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1358 ---
dynamic MyNET ► Lambda (λ)

Lambda calculus (also written as λ-calculus) is a formal system in mathematical logic for expressing computation based on function abstraction and application using variable binding and substitution. It is a universal model of computation that can be used to simulate any Turing machine.

Added Lambda as a vertical-horizontal filter for the following tools ONLY...
• Nadaraya-Watson Estimator (NWE)
• Weighted-momentum Deviation (WmD)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

• New users MUST read and follow these STEPS.
• Using v2v templates is a must (with stripped template - v2v_simple.tpl)
• You can download and read more about the system by clicking »» HERE

--- 帖子 #1359 ---
dynamic MyNET ► using Lambda (λ-Calculus) filter

• Got optimized!
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

• New users MUST read and follow these STEPS.
• Using v2v templates is a must (with stripped template - v2v_simple.tpl)
• You can download and read more about the system by clicking »» HERE

Operation setup:
• You may need to turn OFF dynamic MyNET so you can set your own button-parameter values faster. You can then turn it back ON as needed.

--- 帖子 #1360 ---
v2v dynamic trading system ► Got Optimized!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

• New users MUSTread and follow these STEPS.
• Using v2v templates is a must (with stripped template - v2v_simple.tpl)
• You can download and read more about the system by clicking »» HERE

Operation setup:
• You may need to turn OFF dynamic MyNET so you can set your own button-parameter values faster. You can then turn it back ON as needed.

--- 帖子 #1361 ---
AUD/USD ► Lambda | AMA | SSA | SmoothStep | VHF

SmoothStep : OFF
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

SmoothStep: ON
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1362 ---
AUD/USD

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1363 ---
dynamic MyNET ► UPDATES

Now... using weighted deviation for the following:
• Elegant Osci
• Trend Continuation Factor

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

• New users MUST read and follow these STEPS.
• Using v2v templates is a must (with stripped template - v2v_simple.tpl)
• You can download and read more about the system by clicking »» HERE

Operation setup:

• You may need to turn OFF dynamic MyNET so you can set your own button-parameter values faster. You can then turn it back ON as needed.

--- 帖子 #1364 ---
The Best dynamic trading system for the MT4 platform ; )—

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1365 ---
dynamic MyNET ► UPDATES

• DELI (Detrended Ehlers Leading Indicator) has been removed.
• Got optimized

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

• New users MUSTread and follow these STEPS.
• Using v2v templates is a must (with stripped template - v2v_simple.tpl)
• You can download and read more about the system by clicking »» HERE

Operation setup:
• You may need to turn OFF dynamic MyNET so you can set your own button-parameter values faster. You can then turn it back ON as needed.

--- 帖子 #1366 ---
USDCAD

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1367 ---
EUR/USD

--- 帖子 #1368 ---
dynamic MyNET ► UPDATES

• This is for faster parameter (v2v system) configuration changes, as well as chart trading operations (e.g. buy/sell, and trade management):

— By switching back to ON for dynamic MyNET... SSA (Singular Spectrum Analysis)  and Lambda (λ-Calculus)  states are turned off.
— Switch ON the MTF mode... SSA and Lambda states are turned off. You may enable it again as needed.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

• New users MUST read and follow these STEPS.
• Using v2v templates is a must (with stripped template - v2v_simple.tpl)
• You can download and read more about the system by clicking »» HERE

Operation setup:
• You may need to turn OFF dynamic MyNET so you can set your own button-parameter values faster. You can then turn it back ON as needed.

--- 帖子 #1369 ---
EUR/USD

--- 帖子 #1370 ---
EUR/USD

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1371 ---
GBP/USD

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1372 ---
I just wanted to make sure it's... up-to-date...  ; )—

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

• New users MUSTread and follow these STEPS.
• Using v2v templates is a must (with stripped template - v2v_simple.tpl)
• You can download and read more about the system by clicking »» HERE

Operation setup:
• You may need to turn OFF dynamic MyNET so you can set your own button-parameter values faster. You can then turn it back ON as needed.

--- 帖子 #1373 ---
USD/CAD
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1374 ---
EUR/USD : M30 TF
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1375 ---
v2v dynamic trading system ► Volume Profile - Range

• Got optimized!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

• New users MUST read and follow these STEPS.
• Using v2v templates is a must (with stripped template - v2v_simple.tpl)
• You can download and read more about the system by clicking »» HERE

Operation setup:
• You may need to turn OFF dynamic MyNET so you can set your own button-parameter values faster. You can then turn it back ON as needed.

--- 帖子 #1376 ---
USD/CAD : M30 TF

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1377 ---
EUR/USD : M30 TF

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1378 ---
EUR/USD : M30 TF

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

(on test account only)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1379 ---
EUR/USD

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1380 ---
Done for the week of testing/live trades/coding. If loss exceeded, I have to focus on it instead of sleeping on open trades and/or getting caught up in coding. Managing trades needs to be taken more seriously.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I think increasing the psychological aspect of trading up to 90% ... with the rest devoted to technical/fundamental aspects. However, based on my charts, it does not appear that way ; )—

--- 帖子 #1381 ---
EUR/USD : M30 TF

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1382 ---
EUR/USD : M30 TF (alternative)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1383 ---
EUR/USD : M30 TF : Open position
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1384 ---
EUR/USD ...wasn't able to trade Asian and London session for the upward price movement.

...Faded the NY session.

Current positions:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1385 ---
EUR/USD : M30 TF
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1386 ---
The one major thing I must work on is Managing Risk. I have no issues trading with my systematically designed trading system on my personal accounts. However, if ever I venture with a prop-funded account, I must work/improve on that area much more.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1387 ---
EUR/USD : M30 TF : Current positions

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1388 ---
EUR/USD : M30 TF

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1389 ---
EUR/USD : M30 TF : Current postions (a retrace setup)

--- 帖子 #1390 ---
EUR/USD : M30 TF : Updated postions

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1391 ---
EUR/USD : M30 TF

--- 帖子 #1392 ---
EUR/USD : M30 TF : Current positions

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1393 ---
By mid November I'll be testing... with a different mindset.

- Take the losses.  100% win rate is not possible ; )-

- Be more serious (e.g. managing risk, price monitoring) and don't get greedy.

- Position sizing more accurately based on my account size (margin size)

- Add extra amount of patience.

Hmmm... 'till next time...

--- 帖子 #1394 ---
EUR/USD -|- M30 TF

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1395 ---
v2v dynamic trading system  ►  dynamic MyNET

•  Got Optimized! ...and removed TCF
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

•  New users MUST read and follow these STEPS.
•  Using the v2v templates is a must (with stripped template - v2v_simple | v2v_simple_vpr)
•  You can download and read more about the system by clicking »» HERE

Operation setup:
• You may need to turn OFF dynamic MyNET so you can set your own button-parameter values faster. You can then turn it back ON as needed.

--- 帖子 #1396 ---
EUR/USD

--- 帖子 #1397 ---
EUR/USD | current position

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1398 ---
EUR/USD : updated positions
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1399 ---
v2v dynamic trading system  ►  dynamic MyNET

•  Added WAP - Weighted Average Price: A variation of the so called Z distance from VWAP

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

•  New users MUST read and follow these STEPS.
•  Using the v2v templates is a must (with stripped template - v2v_simple | v2v_simple_vpr)
•  You can download and read more about the system by clicking »» HERE

Operation setup:
• You may need to turn OFF dynamic MyNET so you can set your own button-parameter values faster. You can then turn it back ON as needed.

--- 帖子 #1400 ---
v2v dynamic trading system  ►  VP-R MomenTicks

•  Added Murrey Math Levels

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

•  New users MUST read and follow these STEPS.
•  Using the v2v templates is a must (with stripped template - v2v_simple | v2v_simple_vpr)
•  You can download and read more about the system by clicking »» HERE

Operation setup:
• You may need to turn OFF dynamic MyNET so you can set your own button-parameter values faster. You can then turn it back ON as needed.

--- 帖子 #1401 ---
v2v dynamic trading system ► Murrey Math and VWAP Levels

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1402 ---
EUR/USD ► M30 TF :  Open/Pending positions

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1403 ---
EUR/USD ► M30 TF : Open/Pending positions (updated chart)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1404 ---
EUR/USD ► M30 TF

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1405 ---
Here is a preview of upcoming updates...  Currently, I'm working on adding TMA-Centered Levels (bands) to VP-R MomenTicks.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1406 ---
TMA centered level bands are based on CMA(centered moving averages)?

--- 帖子 #1407 ---
...no idea about that so called CMA.

The one I am working on is the TMA - Triangular Moving Average → For estimation only.  But let's see how it goes as it somewhat changes once I put it inside my system ; )—

--- 帖子 #1408 ---
EUR/USD ► M30 TF : Open/Pending positions... good night (from my ends of the earth)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1409 ---
EUR/USD ► M30 TF : Open/Pending positions (updated chart)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1410 ---
EUR/USD ► M30 TF : Open/Pending positions (adjusted)

--- 帖子 #1411 ---
EUR/USD:  Vacation is OFF

--- 帖子 #1412 ---
v2v dynamic trading system  ►  TMA-Centered Bands

•  Added... Triangular Moving Average (TMA) - Centered Bands
•  This tool is good enough in terms of estimation... Thus, you may NEED to download & read this eBook by Brian Millard (R.I.P.).
•  For more info... you may visit this forum thread topic here >>> TMA

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

•  New users MUST read and follow these STEPS.
•  Using the v2v templates is a must (with stripped template - v2v_simple | v2v_simple_vpr)
•  You can download and read more about the system by clicking »» HERE

Operational setup:
• You may need to turn OFF dynamic MyNET so you can set your own button-parameter values faster. You can then turn it back ON as needed.

--- 帖子 #1413 ---
...probably I might add another estimation tool called... Nadaraya-Watson Estimator — Envelope

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1414 ---
EUR/USD

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1415 ---
Working on the two estimation tools:

The Nadaraya-Watson Estimator - Envelope and the Triangular Moving Average - Centered Bands.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1416 ---
EUR/USD

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1417 ---
v2v dynamic trading system  ►  Nadaraya-Watson Estimator — Envelope

•  Added... NWE — Envelope
•  This tool is good enough in terms of estimation... For more info... you may read it here >>> NWE

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

•  New users MUST read and follow these STEPS.
•  Using the v2v templates is a must (with stripped template - v2v_simple | v2v_simple_vpr)
•  You can download and read more about the system by clicking »» HERE

Operational setup:
• You may need to turn OFF dynamic MyNET so you can set your own button-parameter values faster. You can then turn it back ON as needed.

--- 帖子 #1418 ---
EUR/USD

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1419 ---
EUR/USD
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1420 ---
EUR/USD:  updated positions

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1421 ---
v2v dynamic trading system

•  MML, TMA, and NWE... Got Optimized!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

•  New users MUST read and follow these STEPS.
•  Using the v2v templates is a must (with stripped template - v2v_simple | v2v_simple_vpr)
•  You can download and read more about the system by clicking »» HERE

Operational setup:
• You may need to turn OFF dynamic MyNET so you can set your own button-parameter values faster. You can then turn it back ON as needed.

--- 帖子 #1422 ---
Murrey Math Levels... and Nadaraya-Watson Envelope

--- 帖子 #1423 ---
Z-Score based VWAP Bands (positioned as anchored VWAP), PIVOT FIBS - VWAP levels, and Volume Profile

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1424 ---
EUR/USD : H4  ►  updated positions

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1425 ---
EUR/USD : M30 ►  updated chart

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1426 ---
EUR/USD:  updated position

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1427 ---
EUR/USD : H4 TF : New positions

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1428 ---
EUR/USD : H4 TF : updated positions

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1429 ---
EUR/USD : H4 TF : Positions... Closed ; )--- Have a nice weekend!

--- 帖子 #1430 ---
Before the market closed, EUR/USD : H1 TF Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1431 ---
EUR/USD : H1 TF

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1432 ---
Murrey Math Levels, VWAP Bands (on chart moving average VWAP), and Regression Analysis Channel

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1433 ---
The VWAP

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1434 ---
EUR/USD : H1 TF : updated position...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1435 ---
EUR/USD : H1 TF : VWAP : Volume Profile : open & pending positions

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1436 ---
EUR/USD : H1 TF : updated positions...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1437 ---
EUR/USD : H1 TF : ICT KillZone (range)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1438 ---
EUR/USD : H1 TF : Murrey Math Levels : updated positions

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1439 ---
EUR/USD : M30 TF : Regression Analysis : New Positions

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1440 ---
EUR/USD... done.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1441 ---
EUR/USD : H1 TF : Weekly VWAP : Volume Profile Nadaraya-Watson Estimator (momentum osci): open & pending positions
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Murrey Math Levels... and VWAP
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1442 ---
EUR/USD : H1 TF : updated positions
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1443 ---
EUR/USD : H1 TF : TMA : ICT Asia KillZone : updated positions
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Murrey Math Levels
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1444 ---
EUR/USD : H1 TF : Pending positions...
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

New positions...
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1445 ---
EUR/USD : H1 TF : updated positions... (late post)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1446 ---
EUR/USD Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1447 ---
EUR/USD : H1 TF : new positions
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1448 ---
EUR/USD : H1 TF : Custom Candle - H6
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1449 ---
EUR/USD : H1 TF : Frankfurt - London FX Fixing...
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1450 ---
EUR/USD : H1 TF : updated positions...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1451 ---
EUR/USD : H1 TF : VWAP based PIVOT : Volume Profile : Regression Analysis : updated positions...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1452 ---
EUR/USD : H1 TF : VWAP, Quartiles and superhuman patience...
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1453 ---
EUR/USD...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1454 ---
EUR/USD : H1 TF : Custom TF - H6 : Volume Profile : TP @ quartiles : new positions...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1455 ---
EUR/USD : H1 TF : Nadaraya-Watson Estimator - SSA - Lambda : VWAP : updated position

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1456 ---
EUR/USD : H1 TF : new positions...
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1457 ---
v2v dynamic trading system
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1458 ---
EUR/USD : H1 TF : Custom TF H6 : VWAP : Regression Analysis : updated chart/position
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1459 ---
EUR/USD :: Night-night!
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1460 ---
EUR/USD : H1 TF : Custom H6 TF ...woke up... done & dusted ; )---  Zzzzzz...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1461 ---
EUR/USD : new positions...
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1462 ---
EUR/USD:

— H1 TF : ichimoku : Volume Profile : Nadaraya-Watson Estimator (momentum osci) : VWAP/Pivot VWAP

...for the next system updates...
dynamic Ichimoku (2021)... The comeback! ; )—
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1463 ---
EUR/USD : H1 TF : new positions
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1464 ---
EUR/USD : H1 TF : updated positions...
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1465 ---
EUR/USD : H1 TF : Nadaraya-Watson Estimator - momentum osci

...updated positions
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1466 ---
EUR/USD : H1 TF : updated chart/positions : managed entries...
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1467 ---
v2v dynamic trading system

•  Optimized the PIVOT FIBS and Custom Candle Any-TF tool
•  Updated templates/default parameter values

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

•  New users MUST read and follow these STEPS.
•  Using the v2v templates is a must (with stripped template - v2v_simple | v2v_simple_vpr)
•  You can download and read more about the system by clicking »» HERE

Operational setup:
• You may need to turn OFF dynamic MyNET so you can set your own button-parameter values faster. You can then turn it back ON as needed.

--- 帖子 #1468 ---
v2v dynamic trading system

•  Fixed an issue caused by the previous PIVOT FIBS and Custom Candle Any-TF updates
• Restore previous templates/default parameter values
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

•  New users MUST read and follow these STEPS.
•  Using the v2v templates is a must (with stripped template - v2v_simple | v2v_simple_vpr)
•  You can download and read more about the system by clicking »» HERE

Operational setup:
• You may need to turn OFF dynamic MyNET so you can set your own button-parameter values faster. You can then turn it back ON as needed.

--- 帖子 #1469 ---
EUR/USD

H1 TF : VWAP : Volume Profile : Custom Candle H12
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

H1 TF : Custom Candle TF - H6
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

H1 TF : Custom Candle H12 : Volume Profile : VWAP Z-score bands - ATR Range  : Regression Analysis
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1470 ---
TMA-Centered Bands (fused with VP-R tool) — updates... a work in progress.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1471 ---
v2v dynamic trading system ► TMA centered Bands

• The TMA tool has been fused with the VP-R tools, so it inherits the z-score multiplier and ATR adaptive calculation.
• New templates/default parameter values

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

•  New users MUST read and follow these STEPS.
•  Using the v2v templates is a must (with stripped template - v2v_simple | v2v_simple_vpr)
•  You can download and read more about the system by clicking »» HERE

Operational setup:
• You may need to turn OFF dynamic MyNET so you can set your own button-parameter values faster. You can then turn it back ON as needed.

--- 帖子 #1472 ---
EUR/USD : H1 TF :  Volume Profile - VWAP : Regression Analysis : new/pending positions...
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1473 ---
EUR/USD : Nadaraya-Watson Estimator : TMA : Custom Candle H8 - Midday NY : updated positions....
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1474 ---
EUR/USD : H1 TF : Custom Candle H4 : Frankfurt FX Fixings : projected ATR range - Z-score bands : updated positions...
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1475 ---
Currency Strength...
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1476 ---
EUR/USD : H1 TF : Custom Candle H4 : Nadaraya-Watson Estimator : updated/added positions...
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1477 ---
EUR/USD: Adjusted SL @ 1.0800

Trade management : Below the blue line (a little above it - is the break-even price area)... Those added positions... when in profit, the trade will be closed.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1478 ---
EUR/USD : updated positions... closed some to avoid swaps the next day.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

By the way... Be extra cautious... Don't copy how I handle drawdowns... Not for a fainted heart as it requires superhuman amount of patience and confidence while using this system of mine.

Please be aware that there is always the possibility of loss. Trading results may vary from person to person. Past performance and unique experiences do not guarantee future results. To determine whether any particular investment idea, strategy, product, or service described herein may be appropriate for your circumstances, you should seek advice from a duly licensed investment professional. Risks associated with investments, including the loss of principal, are inherent in all investments.

--- 帖子 #1479 ---
EUR/USD : Hidden Gap : Lambda Calculus : updated/pending positions... Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1480 ---
EUR/USD : H1 TF : Custom Candle H12 : TMA centered Bands : Nadaraya-Watson Estimator : updated/pending positions...
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1481 ---
EUR/USD : H1 TF : Custom Candle H6 : TMA centered Bands : Nadaraya Watson : Volume Profile - VWAP : closed all positions...
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1482 ---
EUR/USD : H1 TF : custom candle H6 : TMA, VWAP,  NWE, Volume Profile : new positions...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1483 ---
In the meantime, you may need to download the updated Custom Candle Any TF >>> HERE. ( or at post #1 - page 1)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1484 ---
EUR/USD : H1 TF : custom candle H8 - London Open : VWAP - Volume Profile : updated positions...
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1485 ---
Bollinger Bands...

...looking at the viability of fusing this tool with the v2v dynamic trading system
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1486 ---
EUR/USD : updated position... (from my end) night night!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1487 ---
v2v dynamic trading system ► Bollinger Bands

• Bollinger Bands (no center line) has been fused with the VP-R tool.
• Updated the Custom Candle Any-TF
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

•  New users MUST read and follow these STEPS.
•  Using the v2v templates is a must (with stripped template - v2v_simple | v2v_simple_vpr)
•  You can download and read more about the system by clicking »» HERE

Operational setup:
• You may need to turn OFF dynamic MyNET so you can set your own button-parameter values faster. You can then turn it back ON as needed.

--- 帖子 #1488 ---
Your below given templates do not have centered TMA? Is this independent tool to add on chart manually?

--- 帖子 #1489 ---
The only independent tool within the system is the Custom-Candle Any-TF.

...TMA centered Bands is part of the VP-R MomenTicks (volume profile range tool). From the previous posted screenshot... I pointed a button with "TMA" text.

If you want only the independent TMA centered Bands... You may get the original here >>> HERE

--- 帖子 #1490 ---
EUR/USD : H1 TF : custom candle H8 - Midday NY : Weekly VWAP : Volume Profile : TMA, Bollinger & NWE Bands :: new positions...
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1491 ---
Thanks

--- 帖子 #1492 ---
EUR/USD : all pending/added positions... closed

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1493 ---
EUR/USD : H1 TF : Weekly VWAP : custom candle H12 : Volume Profile : TMA : Regression Analysis :: new/pending positions...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1494 ---
EUR/USD :: Closed some added positions  :: updated/pending positions
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1495 ---
EUR/USD : Weekly VWAP - London Open ::  closed all positions :: buy pending positions...
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1496 ---
EUR/USD : H1 TF : H4 MTF : custom candle H12 : London Open - Daily VWAP :: buy pending positions...
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1497 ---
EUR/USD :: updated/pending positions...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1498 ---
I am not feeling well health-wise at the moment.  But I have an update or fix for the PIVOT FIBS plus tool regarding the base price midpoints (VWAP, PIVOT, PVP...etc.).

I will upload this as soon as I feel much better.

Warm & Kindest regards,

v2v

--- 帖子 #1499 ---
v2v dynamic trading system ► PIVOT FIBS Plus

• Fixed a minor issue with based line price midpoint
• New default: From Session Open based line price... to VWAP
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

•  New users MUST read and follow these STEPS.
•  Using the v2v templates is a must (with stripped template - v2v_simple | v2v_simple_vpr)
•  You can download and read more about the system by clicking »» HERE

Operational setup:
• You may need to turn OFF dynamic MyNET so you can set your own button-parameter values faster. You can then turn it back ON as needed.

--- 帖子 #1500 ---
H1 TF : H4 MTF : H12 custom candle : London Open : Volume Profile : Weekly VWAP
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1501 ---
v2v dynamic trading system ► Optimized!
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

•  New users MUST read and follow these STEPS.
•  Using the v2v templates is a must (with stripped template - v2v_simple | v2v_simple_vpr)
•  You can download and read more about the system by clicking »» HERE

Operational setup:
• You may need to turn OFF dynamic MyNET so you can set your own button-parameter values faster. You can then turn it back ON as needed.

--- 帖子 #1502 ---
GBP/JPY
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1503 ---
v2v dynamic trading system ► dynamic MyNET

• Apply Laguerre price filter while SmoothStep is enabled (S0, S1, SN).
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

•  New users MUST read and follow these STEPS.
•  Using the v2v templates is a must (with stripped template - v2v_simple | v2v_simple_vpr)
•  You can download and read more about the system by clicking »» HERE

Operational setup:
• You may need to turn OFF dynamic MyNET so you can set your own button-parameter values faster. You can then turn it back ON as needed.

--- 帖子 #1504 ---
GBP/JPY : H1 TF : custom candle H8 TF : NWE momentum
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1505 ---
GBP/JPY: H1 TF : Hidden Gap : Weekly - London open → Anchored VWAP/Volume Profile : Quartiles...
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

...I will continue to test the v2v dynamic trading system by trading GBP/JPY alone during these times.

--- 帖子 #1506 ---
v2v dynamic trading system ► PIVOT FIBS Plus

UPDATES:
→ Session Times
→ ICT: Range, KillZone, and Silver Bullet
→ Forex Fixings
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

•  New users MUST read and follow these STEPS.
•  Using the v2v templates is a must (with stripped template - v2v_simple | v2v_simple_vpr)
•  You can download and read more about the system by clicking »» HERE

Operational setup:
• You may need to turn OFF dynamic MyNET so you can set your own button-parameter values faster. You can then turn it back ON as needed.

--- 帖子 #1507 ---
GBP/JPY : H1 TF : custom candle H8 : Volume Profile : VWAP :: Open/Pending entries...
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1508 ---
GBP/JPY : H1 TF : H4 MTF - HA candles : Nadaraya-Watson Estimator - momentum osci :: updated positions...
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1509 ---
GBP/JPY... Closed positions
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1510 ---
GBP/JPY: H1 TF :: new positions
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1511 ---
GBP/JPY :: Closed positions...
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1512 ---
GBP/JPY : H1 TF : Volume Profile  : VWAP : PIVOT FIBS : Nadaraya-Watson Estimator :: new/pending positions...
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1513 ---
GBP/JPY : H1 TF : custom candle H8 : VWAP - Zscore - Volume Profile - Quartiles : Weighted Momentum Deviation :: updated positions...
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1514 ---
GBP/JPY... Trade losses... But came back with a Big one. Now just waiting for Frankfurt FX Fixings
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1515 ---
GBP/JPY : H1 TF : custom candle H6 : VWAP-Volume Profile : Frankfurt FX Fixings :: new positions...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1516 ---
GBP/JPY... results :: active positions...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1517 ---
v2v dynamic trading system ► Hidden Gaps

Custom Candle Tool:
→  Breached/UnBreached color options added.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

•  New users MUST read and follow these STEPS.
•  Using the v2v templates is a must (with stripped template - v2v_simple | v2v_simple_vpr)
•  You can download and read more about the system by clicking »» HERE

Operational setup:
• You may need to turn OFF dynamic MyNET so you can set your own button-parameter values faster. You can then turn it back ON as needed.

--- 帖子 #1518 ---
GBP/JPY : D1 Chart

--- 帖子 #1519 ---
GBP/JPY ► H1 TF : custom candle H8 (hidden gap) : Anchored VWAP (mvwap) : Volume Profile : Instrument Strength/Correlation : Regression Analysis (channel) :: Updated positions...
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1520 ---
I just wanted to remind the users of v2v dynamic trading system (if there are any) ; )--- are mainly to anticipate a probability of price move... a reversal, retracement, and a trend.  And most importantly to manage your trades entries and exits.

You must develop your own strategy/plan with this system so you would be able to create/develop a neural pathway for your own edge in trading.  Don't simply say/predict a movement of the price after the fact... Just humble yourself, be positive and systematically trade with utmost passion, trust and patience.

During such process...  You may lose a lot of trades, but I am confident that you will have more winning and profitable trades in the long run.

--- 帖子 #1521 ---
GBP/JPY :: updated positions...
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1522 ---
GBP/JPY : H1 TF : custom candle H8 : Mid-London session : Nadaraya-Watson Estimator - Bollinger Bands : VP & VWAP :: updated positions...
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1523 ---
GBP/JPY : H1 TF : custom candle H8 : NY session : Regression Analysis: VP & VWAP :: updated positions...
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1524 ---
GBP/JPY... Closed positions...
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1525 ---
Currency Strength / Correlation
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1526 ---
v2v dynamic trading system
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1527 ---
The Week... GBP/JPY: closed orders on chart (positive results only)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1528 ---
GBP/JPY : H1 TF : custom candle H8 : VWAP - Volume Profile : Regression Analysis - channel
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Heiken Ashi candles - H4 MTF
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1529 ---
USD/JPY : H1 TF : custom candle H8 : Pivot Weekly - VWAP (mid-point) - Volume Profile : Hidden Gap : Regression Analysis - channel
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1530 ---
GBP/JPY : H1 TF : custom candle H3 : Pivot Weekly : Anchored VWAP - Volume Profile : Regression Analysis - channel : Hidden Gap - M1
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Note: Custom Candle Any-TF will be updated with the Hidden Gap - lower TF feature soon...

--- 帖子 #1531 ---
GBP/JPY : H1 TF : custom candle H3 : Pivot Fibs Weekly : Anchored VWAP - Volume Profile :

Nadaraya-Watson Estimator (NWE) & Bollinger Bands : NWE momentum - MTF H4 :

Regression Analysis - channel : Hidden Gap - M5
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1532 ---
GBP/JPY : H1 TF : custom candle H12 : Currency Strength/Correlation (AUD/JPY or CAD/JPY) :: Open/Pending positions...
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1533 ---
GBP/JPY :: current positions...
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1534 ---
GBP/JPY : H1 TF : custom candle H12 :: Volume Profile : Updated positions...
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1535 ---
GBP/JPY : H1 TF : custom candle H8 : volume profile - vwap :: closed/updated-open positions...
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

By the way, since I have those ICT — KillZones/Silver Bullet/Sessions time lines that are accessible through PIVOT FIBS plus tool.

Next time.... I will not enter my positions too early (due to my high level of confidence in my system).  A trade setup on a discounted price level is becoming more important to me, and/or I may need to consider ICT type setups.

--- 帖子 #1536 ---
GBP/JPY: H1 TF : custom candle H12 : volume profile - vwap : silver bullet - london close :: updated/pending positions
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1537 ---
GBP/JPY : Closed/Pending positions
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1538 ---
GBP/JPY : Trade Loss... yes, I'm losing too with this system (continuously designed specifically - just for me alone) LoL! ; )—
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1539 ---
GBP/JPY : H1 TF : custom candle H12 : volume profile - vwap - using statistical quartiles as value area... and as an alternative measurement (fibs) for ICT price discount trade setups : M5 hidden gap Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Note: A version of the Custom Candle Any-TF tool with a hidden gap feature on a lower timeframe (only for the Mt4 standard timeframe) has not been released yet. Hidden Gaps are.... Volume Gaps and the so-called Fair Value Gap (FVG)

--- 帖子 #1540 ---
GBP/JPY :: Pending positions...
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1541 ---
GBP/JPY : currency correlation :: updated/pending positions...  Still got in early (force of habit) ; )- sorry
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1542 ---
GBP/JPY :: updated chart
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1543 ---
GBP/JPY : v2v dynamic trading system :: updated chart/positions...

--- 帖子 #1544 ---
GBP/JPY : M30 TF : ICT KillZones/Silver Bullet/Ranges

--- 帖子 #1545 ---
GBP/JPY : H1 TF : custom candle H12 :: updated positions...
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Just wanted to let you know that I won't be posting for a while.

--- 帖子 #1546 ---
GBP/JPY: H1 TF : custom candle H12 :: Updated positions... minutes after the start of London KillZone... Closed positions that I added before and during the London KillZone.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

By the way... I posted once again as I need to update my open positions... Now this is it! Bye for now!

--- 帖子 #1547 ---
GBP/JPY : H1 TF : custom candle H6 : Volume profile - VWAP - Quartiles: ICT ranges : 1-minute gaps : Open/Pending position...
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1548 ---
GBP/JPY :: updated/pending positions...
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1549 ---
GBP/JPY : Nadaraya-watson estimator : regression analysis channel :: updated positions... Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1550 ---
Hello there!

Since I will be concentrating on my prop trading journey from here on, any updates on the system or charts herein will be halted for the time being.

Hoping for your utmost understanding.

Kindest regards

--- 帖子 #1551 ---
v2v dynamic trading system ► Updated

Custom Candle Any-TF:
→  Hidden Gaps (FVG & Volume Gap)... Added a TF button switch.

PIVOT FIB plus:
→  Fixed a small issue below H1 TF with Weekly Pivot parameter... Now, the default is Sydney session
Attachment g
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

•  New users MUST read and follow these STEPS.
•  Using the v2v templates is a must (with stripped template - v2v_simple | v2v_simple_vpr)
•  You can download and read more about the system by clicking »» HERE

Operational setup:
• You may need to turn OFF dynamic MyNET so you can set your own button-parameter values faster. You can then turn it back ON as needed.

--- 帖子 #1552 ---
... Probably only over the weekend, I will do some updates. ; )—

--- 帖子 #1553 ---
Custom Candle Any-TF  ► an update

→ Hidden Gaps (FVG & Volume Gap)... Added a TF button switch.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1554 ---
EUR/USD:

— M30 TF : custom candle H3 : Anchored - volume profile & VWAP : M1 Gaps : Restricted News - based on prop firm trading news-event

— Position Sizing... Risk 1% (10K initial fund)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Upcoming system updates:

— PipShow

— News Events

--- 帖子 #1555 ---
v2v dynamic trading system► Updated

News Events (re-uploaded):
→  Added Energy and Bond... While the "Restricted" ones is just my personal setup for prop firm specific news trading rules.

PipShow:
→  Optimized and added Fixed Funds option... change default parameter values

You may refer to the chart image shared above this post.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

•  New users MUST read and follow these STEPS.
•  Using the v2v templates is a must (with stripped template - v2v_simple | v2v_simple_vpr)
•  You can download and read more about the system by clicking »» HERE
Operational setup:
• You may need to turn OFF dynamic MyNET so you can set your own button-parameter values faster. You can then turn it back ON as needed.

--- 帖子 #1556 ---
v2v dynamic trading system► Updated

Custom Candle Any-TF:
→  Added button for Hidden Gap (volume gap or FVG) ON/OFF switch

PIVOT FIBS plus:
→  FX Fixings and ICT ranges button got optimized

New default parameter values and removed old objects:
→  Required to overwrite your existing v2v system templates to take effect
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

•  New users MUST read and follow these STEPS.
•  Using the v2v templates is a must (with stripped template - v2v_simple | v2v_simple_vpr)
•  You can download and read more about the system by clicking » HERE

Operational setup:
• If you're finding it difficult to switch between system options or modify your chart screen and setup, you may need to turn OFF the dynamic MyNET or Hidden Gap finder (or set lower start bar parameter value). This will enable faster and easier switching. For instance, when you want to move or set up SL & TP, or when you want to close existing positions. After you're done, you can turn it back ON as required.

--- 帖子 #1557 ---
EUR/USD...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Uses statistical quartiles from the previous week to determine viable or probable areas of premium and discount price. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1558 ---
EUR/USD :: Chart p*rn ; )—
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1559 ---
v2v dynamic trading system ► Upcoming updates by next weekend

PIVOT FIBS plus:
Added Midday Tokyo session (12:00 PM)

Custom Candle Any-TF with Hidden Volume Gap (or FVG):

An option to run the volume gap finder just once, and then have it continuously check if the current candle bar mitigates drawn volume gaps. However, no new hidden gaps would be drawn. Then, the gap finder should run again as soon as a new candle appears, based on the current chart time frame. But all of this resets back once you navigate through the buttons. Currently, the volume gap finder runs on each new tick data, which may slow down your chart. Its speed also depends on the input value for the StartBar parameter.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1560 ---
EUR/USD: Short Bias

Hidden volume gap or Fair Value Gap (FVG)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Statistical Quartiles
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

If the VWAP is higher than the PVP (Peak Volume Price) or PoC (Point of Control), it indicates that more volume has been traded above the PVP than below it. This means that the distribution function is skewed to the upside, and it is expected that the price will move up when it reaches the PVP.

On the other hand, if the VWAP is lower than the PVP, it indicates that more volume has been traded below the PVP than above it. This means that the distribution function is skewed to the downside, and it is expected that the price will move down when it reaches the PVP.

If the VWAP is approximately equal to the PVP, then the distribution function is symmetric. In this case, when the price touches the PVP, there is no expectation of price movement in either direction. Instead, small oscillations about the VWAP should be expected.

Given the information above... ICT concept traders must not disregard the importance of "ICT 2023 Mentorship - Market Maker Models".

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

...intraday
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Please note that I cannot guarantee the accuracy, completeness, timeliness, suitability, or reliability of any information or charts that I have posted herein. The screenshots I shared on this platform are subject to modification, as per FF rules and regulations, and may become unreliable due to various factors, including changes in market conditions or economic factors.

It is essential to be aware that there is always a possibility of loss while trading. Trading results may vary from person to person. Please keep in mind that past performance and unique experiences do not guarantee future results.

--- 帖子 #1561 ---
Other tools under v2v dynamic trading system...

These tools can be used to manage your (existing/pending) positions and can provide additional confirmation before entry or exit.

Such as... dynamic MyNET
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1562 ---
v2v dynamic trading system ► Updates...

Custom Candle Any-TF:
→  Removed the Monthly Custom candle as it should not be included.
→  Fixed an issue with the Weekly custom candle.
→ Improved/Optimized the Hidden Gap finder feature.
→  Made a version ONLY for the v2v dynamic trading system. And updated the stand-alone release

New default parameter values and removed old objects:
→  Required to overwrite your existing v2v system templates to take effect

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

•  New users MUST read and follow these STEPS.
•  Using the v2v templates is a must (with stripped template - v2v_simple | v2v_simple_vpr)
•  You can download and read more about the system by clicking » HERE

Operational setup:
• If you're finding it difficult to switch between system options or modify your chart screen and setup, you may need to turn OFF the dynamic MyNET or Hidden Gap finder (or set lower start bar parameter value). This will enable faster and easier switching. For instance, when you want to move or set up SL & TP, or when you want to close existing positions. After you're done, you can turn it back ON as required.

--- 帖子 #1563 ---
v2v dynamic trading system► Updates... (re-uploaded)

Custom Candle and PIVOT FIBS plus:
→  MT4 server time changed: From GMT+2 (winter time) to GMT+3 (summer time).

Use the new templates: updated default parameter values and removed old objects:
→  Required to overwrite your existing v2v system templates to take effect
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

•  New users MUST read and follow these STEPS.
•  Using the v2v templates is a must (with stripped template - v2v_simple | v2v_simple_vpr)
•  You can download and read more about the system by clicking » HERE

Operational setup:
• If you're finding it difficult to switch between system options or modify your chart screen and setup, you may need to turn OFF the dynamic MyNET or Hidden Gap finder (or set lower start bar parameter value). This will enable faster and easier switching. For instance, when you want to move or set up SL & TP, or when you want to close existing positions. After you're done, you can turn it back ON as required.

--- 帖子 #1564 ---
v2v dynamic trading system ► Updates... (re-uploaded)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1565 ---
v2v dynamic trading system ► Updates...

Fixed minor issues with the following tools:
→  PIVOT FIBS plus
→ Dynamic MyNET
→  Custom Candle and Hidden Gap

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

•  New users MUST read and follow these STEPS.
•  Using the v2v templates is a must (with stripped template - v2v_simple | v2v_simple_vpr)
•  You can download and read more about the system by clicking » HERE

Operational setup:
If you're finding it difficult to switch between system options or modify your chart screen and setup, you may need to turn OFF the dynamic MyNET or Hidden Gap finder (or set lower start bar parameter value). This will enable faster and easier switching. For instance, when you want to move or set up SL & TP, or when you want to close existing positions. After you're done, you can turn it back ON as required.

--- 帖子 #1566 ---
v2v dynamic trading system ► Updates... (re-uploaded)

Fixed small issues with the following tools:
→  PIVOT FIBS plus: Session GMT+3 fixed - ICT KillZones - Forex Fixings
→  Custom Candle and Hidden Gap: Session GMT+3 fixed
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Guidelines:
• Essential Steps for New Users: Carefully follow the outlined steps provided → HERE
•  Utilizing the v2v Templates (with stripped template - v2v_simple | v2v_simple_vpr): Users must use it for optimal performance.
•  To learn more about the system, users are encouraged to visit  → HERE

Operational setup:
If you're finding it difficult to switch between system options or modify your chart screen and setup, you may need to turn OFF the dynamic MyNET or Hidden Gap finder (or set lower start bar parameter value). This will enable faster and easier switching. For instance, when you want to move or set up SL & TP, or when you want to close existing positions. After you're done, you can turn it back ON as required.

--- 帖子 #1567 ---
EUR/USD... updated positions

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1568 ---
The information on page 1 — post #1 has been updated to reflect a more professional and formal tone, ensuring that the content is both informative and appropriately presented. This update aims to enhance the overall user experience and provide clear, concise information for all readers.

--- 帖子 #1569 ---
✜ v2v dynamic trading system ✜ ─ for the MT4 platform

A Project Lookin' Glass by v2v...

Introducing the v2v dynamic trading system, a groundbreaking solution tailored to the retail trading environment. At its core, the system is powered by the Dominant Cycle Period (DCP) and MomenTicks, an advanced, volume-weighted momentum algorithm.

The v2v dynamic trading system sets itself apart from conventional approaches by eschewing traditional elements such as directional arrows or trigger alerts for buy/sell signals. Instead, it fosters a more analytical and strategic mindset, challenging users to engage in critical thinking when navigating the complexities of the market. This unique design empowers traders, like yourself, to make informed decisions and capitalize on emerging opportunities.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

As an evolving and continually updated system, the v2v dynamic trading platform does not come with a traditional user manual. Users are encouraged to exercise due diligence and proactively explore its features to fully understand and harness its capabilities.

To embark on this journey, it is essential to embrace a fresh perspective that acknowledges the intricate landscape of modern trading. By cultivating a strong belief in your potential and resilience, you can confidently navigate the market and challenge traditional limitations.

And now...

“Take a deep breath, relax, and start believing we are living in the Matrix, where the Market (Makers) can't kill you, but the Market thinks they can. Then... As you walk with the Architect from beyond (who holds the Akashic records), you'll begin to observe what is happening while a newly developed neural pathway to the art (or science) of trading is designed for you. With the guidance of powerful tools offered by this system, you will uncover new insights and develop your own unique approach to trading. Complemented by a well-crafted strategy, effective risk management techniques, and a trustworthy broker, you will pave the way towards sustained profitability and success as you gain invaluable experience.” ─ Agent v2v

That said, be sure to...

“Trust in the Lord with all of your heart and lean not on your understanding; in all your ways submit to him, and he will make your paths straight”

─Proverbs 3:5-6 NIV

The v2v dynamic trading system is tailored to suit the needs of discretionary traders who utilize a systematic trading plan or strategy. By employing this system, users may find it beneficial in managing their trades or adjusting current positions, thereby optimizing their overall trading performance. Moreover, this system can aid in identifying potential opportunities and determining an average or overall directional probability, leading to more informed decision-making.

Please bear in mind that the v2v dynamic trading system is a work in progress, and there is always scope for further refinement and improvement. Your valuable ideas and suggestions are appreciated, and while they may not necessarily be incorporated, they will certainly be taken into consideration as we continue to develop and enhance the system.

--- 帖子 #1570 ---
Correlation... USDCAD

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1571 ---
UPDATES: New scripts added to the v2v dynamic trading system LoadHistory_M1-data_Only LoadHistory_All_TF-data
Before using the v2v dynamic trading system (templates), please review the following information:

Loading Historical Data (New STEPS to follow)

If you are a new user or have recently opened an account with your trusted broker, follow these steps (refer to the screenshots below): Go to the History Center: Tools menu > History Center
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Run the script: LoadHistory_M1-data_Only
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Once the process is complete, your MT4 chart will be populated with an additional number of bars between 2048 and 65536 M1 bars sourced directly from your broker's server (not Metaquotes). This imported data usually surpasses the amount that can be retrieved normally, providing the v2v dynamic trading system more historical tick dataset available for analysis.Afterward, delete any dummy tick data from 1970 to maintain accuracy. If you haven't obtained the maximum historical data post-deletion, re-add the 1970 record temporarily and repeat the process. This approach efficiently acquires maximum M1 data for your selected currency pair. Proceed to download data for other timeframes as needed. Important Notes:The v2v dynamic trading system uses M1 historical tick data by default. Load other TF data using the same steps. The system needs a broad tick data history, so it should grow with the MT4 platform. As the platform gathers data, error messages ("not enough tick data to calculate", "data horizon breach", and "array out of range") should no longer appear in the Expert logs.

It is important to emphasize that the v2v dynamic trading system is designed for experienced users and may not be suitable for beginners. A strong understanding of its workings is crucial to utilize this system successfully. If you find the system too complex, exploring other options that better align with your current skill level would be best.

Effectively utilizing the v2v dynamic trading system requires due diligence, resourcefulness, and familiarity with third-party tools and indicators. With sufficient trading experience, users can better determine if the system suits their needs without resorting to negative criticism towards its creator. Remember, this system is offered free of charge, and the effort invested in its development should be appreciated.

Click » HERE to download the v2v dynamic trading system and find more information about its features and functions.

--- 帖子 #1572 ---
v2v dynamic trading system ►  Got optimized!

As an evolving and continually updated system, the v2v dynamic trading system prioritizes self-discovery and hands-on learning, encouraging users to explore its features without the constraints of a traditional user manual. Users are encouraged to take ownership of their learning process, exercise due diligence, and maintain a flexible mindset to navigate the dynamic terrain of modern trading.

Optimized the following tools:
→  News Events: Updated the URL of an RSS Market News provider
→  VP-R tool: TMA channel
→  PIVOT FIBS plus: At H4 chart TF, only shows Daily and Weekly session
→  Custom Candle and Hidden Gap: Midnight London added
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Guidelines:
• Essential Steps for New Users: Carefully follow the outlined steps provided →  HERE
• Utilizing the v2v Templates (with stripped template - v2v_simple | v2v_simple_vpr): Users must use it for optimal performance.
•  To learn more about the system, users are encouraged to visit  →  HERE

Operational setup:
If you're finding it difficult to switch between system options or modify your chart screen and setup, you may need to turn OFF the dynamic MyNET or Hidden Gap finder (or set lower start bar parameter value). This will enable faster and easier switching. For instance, when you want to move or set up SL & TP, or when you want to close existing positions. After you're done, you can turn it back ON as required.

--- 帖子 #1573 ---
v2v dynamic trading system ► TMA and Nadaraya Watson Estimator with Bollinger Bands

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1574 ---
v2v dynamic trading system ►  Got optimized!

The v2v dynamic trading system is constantly evolving and regularly updated. It emphasizes self-discovery and hands-on learning, encouraging users to explore its features without the limitations of a traditional user manual. Users are urged to take responsibility for their learning process, conduct thorough research, and maintain an adaptable mindset to navigate the dynamic landscape of modern trading.

Optimized the following tools:
→  dynamic MyNET
→  v2v Power
→  v2v Top Correlation
→  News Events
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Guidelines:
• Essential Steps for New Users: Carefully follow the outlined steps provided →  HERE
• Utilizing the v2v Templates (with stripped template - v2v_simple | v2v_simple_vpr): Users must use it for optimal performance.
•  To learn more about the system, users are encouraged to visit  →  HERE

Operational setup:

For smoother navigation when adjusting your chart screen and settings, consider temporarily disabling certain features like dynamic MyNET or Hidden Gap finder (turn OFF). Reducing the start bar parameter value can also help. This will allow for a more seamless experience when setting stop-loss and take-profit levels, closing existing positions, or making other adjustments. Remember once done, you can always reactivate these features (turn back to ON).

--- 帖子 #1575 ---
EUR/USD
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The Weighted Average Price (WAP) chart setup offers a novel way of analyzing price movement in relation to the Volume Weighted Average Price (VWAP). By utilizing the Z distance from WAP, traders can gauge the deviation of the current price from the WAP line, allowing for a more comprehensive understanding of market trends and opportunities. Incorporating the WAP into your technical analysis can lead to a richer comprehension of market behavior, enabling you to make more informed and confident trading decisions.

--- 帖子 #1576 ---
v2v dynamic trading system ►  Got Updated!

The v2v dynamic trading system is constantly evolving and regularly updated. It emphasizes self-discovery and hands-on learning, encouraging users to explore its features without the limitations of a traditional user manual. Users are urged to take responsibility for their learning process, conduct thorough research, and maintain an adaptable mindset to navigate the dynamic landscape of modern trading.

Updated features... Button parameter behaviors :
→  News Events
→  dynamic MyNET
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Guidelines:
• Essential Steps for New Users: Carefully follow the outlined steps provided →  HERE
• Utilizing the (new) v2v Templates (with stripped template - v2v_simple | v2v_simple_vpr): Users must use it for optimal performance.
•  To learn more about the system, users are encouraged to visit  →  HERE

Operational setup:

For a smoother experience when adjusting your chart settings, I recommend temporarily turning off the dynamic MyNET or disabling the Hidden Gap Finder feature. You can also try reducing the start bar parameter value.

--- 帖子 #1577 ---
v2v dynamic trading system ►  Operational updates...

The v2v dynamic trading system is constantly evolving and regularly updated. It emphasizes self-discovery and hands-on learning, encouraging users to explore its features without the limitations of a traditional user manual. Users are urged to take responsibility for their learning process, conduct thorough research, and maintain an adaptable mindset to navigate the dynamic landscape of modern trading.

For improved on-chart behavior:
→  Dynamic MyNET will be disabled once the top correlation pairs are enabled. You may re-enable it as needed.
→  Dynamic MyNET will also be disabled if you double-click the vertical line guides of the Volume Profile - Range.

And this can be re-enabled when necessary

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Guidelines:
• Essential Steps for New Users: Carefully follow the outlined steps provided →  HERE
• Utilizing the (new) v2v Templates (with stripped template - v2v_simple | v2v_simple_vpr): Users must use it for optimal performance.
•  To learn more about the system, users are encouraged to visit  →  HERE

Operational setup:

For a smoother experience when adjusting your chart settings, I recommend temporarily turning off the dynamic MyNET or disabling the Hidden Gap Finder feature. You can also try reducing the start bar parameter value.

--- 帖子 #1578 ---
EUR/USD

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1579 ---
Please take note of the following upcoming updates and fixes :

→ Dynamic MyNET: Addressing small issues with the MTF mode by ensuring that the Z-score and dynamic band values reset back to the current timeframe as expected. Additionally, change the color of the navigational button text to match the current MTF mode (OFF/ON).

→ v2v Power: I have added a new power button for easier switching between ON/OFF states.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1580 ---
EUR/USD:

I often find myself on the edge of my seat. Although I generally have a bearish outlook, I am not unwilling to consider the possibility of a market rebound. I consider myself an optimistic bear, cautiously observing market developments with eyes wide shut ; )—
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

“And now, the charts are near, and so I face the final trade. My friends, I'll make it clear, I charted my way…”.

; )— v2v

End Credits: Stanley Kubrick and Frank Sinatra

--- 帖子 #1581 ---
\

Which template is used here? Do i need to add some indicators manually?

--- 帖子 #1582 ---
Visit the link below and check the screenshot  Thanks.
https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...9#post14737229

--- 帖子 #1583 ---
Thanks.

Please can you tell me about those candles ? i couldn't understand and i am sure that it couldn't catch up with your system so that's why keep asking questions. I am sorry for that. I am attaching your image from post 1576 and circled the candles.

--- 帖子 #1584 ---
Try the search feature next time on this thread.

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...1#post13037881

--- 帖子 #1585 ---
...been busy.  No updates for the above.

--- 帖子 #1586 ---
EUR/USD

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1587 ---
EUR/USD

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1588 ---
EUR/USD

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1589 ---
EUR/USD

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1590 ---
EUR/USD

Sell the highs... (Why man?)

♪ 'Cause I got high

Because I got high

Because I got high ♪

; )- TP @ weekly VWAP (1.087xx) in a short shot from highs... or take profits as it gets. (Why man?)

♪ 'Cause I got high

Because I got high

Because I got high ♪

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1591 ---
I'm just too high ; )—

--- 帖子 #1592 ---
EUR/USD: Regression Analysis

...buy low: TP @ 1.07700

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1593 ---
EUR/USD:  Regression Analysis

...sell high, TP @ 1.07450

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1594 ---
EUR/USD

Sell high... new TP @ 1.07380

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1595 ---
Did you delete Buy Limit?

--- 帖子 #1596 ---
EUR/USD: Adjusted positions

Now... SL (positive) @ 1.07610 and new TP @ 1.073000

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1597 ---
EUR/USD... added positions (open/pending)

New SL @ 1.07880... TP @ 1.07300

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1598 ---
EUR/USD:

I have closed my existing sell positions. Now, I shall seize the opportunity to buy low while the metaphorical blood flows in the streets. After all, a wise trader once said, 'When fear grips the market, buy. When euphoria grips the market, sell.' Today, I’m grabbing the market by the horns and purchasing while the rest of the herd runs for the hills!

TP @ 1.07750 and SL @ 1.07050

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1599 ---
EUR/USD:

Updated positions... (buy limit triggered)

...set up a conservative TP @ 1.07600

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1600 ---
EUR/USD:

Updated positions... new TP @ 1.07670

Given the current price movement, there's a potential for the price to remain within the value area. I'll closely monitor the current 1-hour candle (at post time), particularly for any failure of the price to close above 1.07370. If this occurs, I will act swiftly to exit my existing buy position, safeguarding against potential losses. Conversely, should the price manage to break through 1.07370, I'll capitalize on this development by initiating a new buy position.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1601 ---
EUR/USD:

I made a move after the previous 1-hour candle closed above the resistance level of 1.07370. I added another buy position and set up a pending order slightly below the new entry price. Now I can rest with confidence in my decision. Nightnight from my end.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1602 ---
Oh, dear me! My crystal ball must be on the fritz because it’s painting a different picture than what my strategy intended. How will I slumber now, knowing I might be sailing adrift in a sea of uncertainty? Perhaps I should take a page out of the Beatles’ book and “Let It Be...”

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

After all, “The Long and Winding Road” isn't just a great song; it's also a perfect metaphor for the ups and downs of trading!
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1603 ---
With the EUR/USD pair moving steadily, I am feeling quite content (at post time). However, I will stay cautious, as the markets are like the ocean - sometimes calm and peaceful, but also susceptible to sudden and unpredictable storms. As I head to bed, I'll rely on my subconscious to watch for any signs of trouble ahead... While my dreams are filled with the gentle lapping of waves on the shore of profitability.   I wish!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1604 ---
In a time of shifting global dynamics and increasing political tensions, financial markets respond with similar volatility, much like waves on a constantly changing ocean. However, with the v2v dynamic trading system as your steadfast rudder, you can steer your investments deftly through choppy waters, whether that means navigating the rough seas of Chinese Coast Guard interference or simply enjoying the tranquil currents of stable markets. Allow v2v to guide you through the ebbs and flows of geopolitics, always adjusting your course towards profitable horizons.

The markets are like a tapestry of numbers, charts, and trends that deserve to be woven into a beautiful story.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1605 ---
EUR/USD: an update... current position

With the calculated precision of a veteran astronaut, I’ve secured profits for some of my buy entries from yesterday and earlier today. Now, one final rocket ascends to just above the clouds, aiming for a take-profit objective at 1.08170. If the market’s winds are in our favor, this launch may bring just enough gains for me.

As a precautionary measure, the stop-loss has been set at 1.07500, slightly above the current week's VWAP line (as of post time), ensuring a safe return in case of turbulence.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1606 ---
EUR/USD: new positions

I've noticed that the rocket's engines have started to cool and the countdown to re-entry may have begun. With a sharp eye and steady hand, I have initiated the first stages of a new sell entry and arranged additional sell limit orders as landing pads. I am prepared to seize further opportunities as the price (may) descends. With these measures in place, it's time to secure and prepare for turbulence as I observe the price movement. The journey carries on, but the trajectory has shifted in my perspective (only).

TPs @ 1.07820, 1.07950, and 1.08070

SL @ 1.08700

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1607 ---
EUR/USD: updated chart before FOMC statements

When analyzing the weekly market data, it's evident that my custom R78 area closely aligns with the traditional weekly pivot point. This is because my weekly pivot point is calculated using the Weekly Volume Weighted Average Price (VWAP), which represents the midpoint or 50% level of market activity.

The R78 area, commonly known in pivot trading circles, acts as a pivotal reversal point or an ideal location for setting the Take-Profit for certain pivot-based strategies. This region, calculated based on the midpoint of market activity, can be an advantageous location for identifying potential price reversals or locking in profits for traders who understand its significance. However, again... my weekly pivot point is calculated using the Weekly Volume Weighted Average Price (VWAP), which represents the midpoint or 50% level of market activity.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Considering the significant resistance at the R78 area for upward price movements and the nearby traditional weekly pivot point, being at or near it may suggest a potential upward or downward movement. Though, during FOMC it goes both ways, ha ha ha ha! LoLz... But in my biased opinion... Therefore, it is possible that the EUR/USD pair could experience downward pressure during the upcoming FOMC statement. However, it's important to note that certainty in financial markets is rare. While the R78 area suggests potential price decreases, market movements can be unpredictable, similar to a cat chasing a laser pointer.

--- 帖子 #1608 ---
Blood on the streets... Updated positions

As the current 1-HR candle comes to a close, it seems that 1.08150 could act as a pivotal point separating the bullish and bearish forces in the EUR/USD market. If the price drops below this key level, I plan to sell at higher prices, taking advantage of the opportunity to capitalize on the bearish trend.

--- 帖子 #1609 ---
The previous 1-hour candle closed below the level of 1.08150. I took this chance to close one sell entry for a modest profit and quickly adjusted my stop loss to protect my gains. As the new candle forms, I am prepared to sell at higher prices if the price starts to rally. Like a hunter in the wild, I'll wait patiently, ready to take advantage of any bullish movements and turn them into profitable opportunities.  Good luck to me! ; )—

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1610 ---
Assuming ( ONLY ) that the market presents an opportunity to buy dips... I'm looking to enter at or below the 1.07600 level, which corresponds to this week's pivot point. I calculated this level using my own custom VWAP-based pivot analysis, which marks the market's 50% midpoint. It's not your typical Pivot Point line. While my strategy relies on technical analysis with some consideration of fundamentals, sentiment, and trained intuition, I understand that the markets can be unpredictable.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1611 ---
EUR/USD:  sell the high

A new position... and sell limit orders

TP @ 1.07770, and 1.07350

SL @ 1.086

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1612 ---
...

To secure a small profit and adapt to market conditions, I adjusted my stop loss and removed sell limit orders. My target profit remains fixed at 1.07770. While I’m catching some zzZs before the London opening, I am contemplating the idea of buying on price dips.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1613 ---
Still in my pajamas, but my trading senses are already tingling!  As for takes (opinions) given out outside of this thread, I like to think of myself as a Technical Trader Extraordinaire, channeling my inner Chart Whisperer. Fundamentals? Psh, those are for the birds!

My takes are below...Time horizon: Traders with a short-term focus might find that fundamental factors like economic indicators and central bank policies take too long to play out in the markets. They might instead rely on technical indicators and charts to make quick trading decisions. Complexity: The global economy is incredibly complex, with various factors influencing exchange rates, from geopolitical tensions to natural disasters. Remember to keep the big chunk of fundamental analysis for the chirping birds, and follow your technical charts with a sense of humor and a bit of Beatles flair! After all, trading can be a "Hard Day's Night," but with the right mindset and knowledge, you can "Come Together" with the markets like John, Paul, George, and Ringo.

Make sure Yoko doesn't disrupt the band (aka your trading strategy). Stick to your technical prowess and charming wit, and you'll rock the markets like the Fab Four. Stay focused and avoid any distractions that could throw off your groove!

As the clock ticks towards the London session, I am carefully considering selling at the highs. Will this move land me a solid 'Ticket to Ride'? You don't have to care, but I'm sharing anyway. Meanwhile, I'm also weighing up the potential for buying dips—a tactic I might just 'Let It Be', or who knows, 'Here Comes the Sun' on my buying opportunity. Stay tuned, folks!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1614 ---
EUR/USD:

And now, if this trade doesn't work out, I might need to ‘Come Together’ with a little comfort food  because ‘I am gonna be sad’

So, my selling highs strategy has a ‘Paperback Writer ’-worthy target of 1.07770 and a protective ‘Penny Lane ’-ish stop loss of 1.08600.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

…whether this strategy brings me ‘Something’ or ‘Nothing’, one thing is for certain: ‘Why so serious?’ Well, because ‘I see dead pips’, and I can hear Bruce Willis asking ‘How often do you see them?’ and I reply... all the time ; )—

--- 帖子 #1615 ---
If the price action stays within my identified value area based on quartiles of the volume (tick data) profile, I expect that my target at 1.07770 will be reached. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1616 ---
To minimize potential losses and retain flexibility, I have moved my current selling position's SL at a small profit. This will enable me to reevaluate market conditions and identify new opportunities for high-probability selling entries, thus maximizing potential profits while reducing risk.

sell limit orders: @ 1.08390 and 1.08290 — TP @ 1.07770, 1.07900 and 1.07970

Now... Buying dips everyone??? ; )— LoLz

buy limit orders: @ 1.07700, 1.07600, and 1.07520 — TP @ 1.07970

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1617 ---
In light of recent market changes and after analyzing the situation, I have decided to take a more conservative approach. I closed an active position and canceled my previous pending orders. This strategy will allow me to concentrate on potential opportunities for buying dips when they occur. While I understand that this change might seem premature, I am still dedicated to exercising patience as a fundamental principle of successful trading. As a result, I opened one active order @1.07834 and have placed new pending buy orders in anticipation of favorable market conditions.

TP @ 1.08200 | SL @ 1.07500

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1618 ---
...just secured profits on one active order.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1619 ---
Now, I have opened 3 positions and 1 pending position...

TP @ 1.08300 | SL @ 1.07770

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1620 ---
This is the end, my friend, my trading journey’s reached its final bend. I'll sleep it out, let my losses run, for this trader’s fight, it’s already won. So don’t stop me now, I’m having such a good time, I’m done trading, and I feel fine ; )—

End credit to Freddie Mercury of the Queen.

--- 帖子 #1621 ---
According to my theoretical analysis and interstellar insights, the price will 'Launch into the Stratosphere' during the trading session (Friday), and I predict it will skyrocket ‘to infinity and beyond’. By the End of the Trading Day (or possibly even by next week), the price will achieve a 'Cosmic Lift-off' reminiscent of the 'Big Bang' itself. Thus, the price has the potential to be truly out-of-this-world ; )—

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1622 ---
I might start working on the above updates/fixes over the weekend if ever found some time.

--- 帖子 #1623 ---
Short for now... until midday London

TP @ 1.07160
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1624 ---
TP @ 1.07120, hmm...  That's a number with 'eyes' on it, like a hawk on the hunt. I’m analyzing the price action and its potential impact on my open positions, like Sherlock Holmes with his magnifying glass. But no matter the outcome, I can sit back, relax, and enjoy the weekend as if I'm on a tropical island, sipping a 'position-free' pina colada!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

As I scrutinize the H1 chart, I’m entranced by these ‘fair value gaps,’ glimmering like forbidden treasure in a trader's fantasy. They’re alluring, but they whisper a siren song of peril, like a mythical sea creature, luring me with its hypnotic promises of wealth, yet threatening to devour me in the treacherous waters of the market.

And that for the next trading week. Have a great weekend!

--- 帖子 #1625 ---
If the market decides to swing like Muhammad Ali (think float like a butterfly, sting like a bee), my strategy is to sell high and buy low:Sell: high 1.07250 (min) and 1.07330 (max)

Profit Target: between 1.06620 - 1.0660

Buy: below 1.0660 (dip)

Profit Target: between 1.07250 - 1.07500, (or let the trade run up to 1.0800 handle) It’s like the Float and Sting trading technique—hit it where it hurts, and make it pay! . Otherwise, I just made bank ; )—

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1626 ---
Within the next three hours, I will be closely monitoring price action at key resistance and support levels. If the price breaks below 1.06970, I will consider a sell entry with TP at 1.0660. If, however, the price breaks above 1.07070, I will look for a potential buy entry with a TP at 1.07390, or depending on market conditions, I may allow the trade to ride up to the 1.08000 handle.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1627 ---
I blinked (I slept), and my two sell limit orders were filled!  Just trying not to lose my toes by crossing them for good fortune. ; )—

TP @ 1.0660 and SL @ 1.07320.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1628 ---
Attracted by the tempting promise of wealth, I ventured into the risky territory of H4 FVG (just above 1.0660). Its enticing nature, similar to a siren's song, calls out to me, but I am aware of the dangers. With caution and bravery, I embarked on the journey, being aware of the potential for both success and failure.

Then, by adding insult to injury, I added another short ; )— same TP @ 1.0660 with SL @ 1.07320. I'm on a roll baby!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1629 ---
Hmmm... Blood on the streets later (or my blood)... Then, I will take advantage of the opportunity to sell at a high price when there is excitement in the market. As a smart trader once said, "When fear takes over the market, buy. When excitement takes over the market, sell."

Today, I am taking control of the market while others are excited (or it is just me... too excited)! Ho ho ho ho!

I am witnessing conflicting signals from the EUR in my analysis. On one hand, it seems strong, but on the other hand, it appears vulnerable. This unpredictable behavior has made me more certain about continuing to short, like a detective  who is convinced that he is on the trail of the true culprit.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1630 ---
Observing my chart below (if you see it only), it appears that my trade has been cannon-balled into a watery grave, thanks to the unexpected intrusion of a Chinese Coast Guard water canon firing inside my area of resistance or my EEZ (Exclusive Economic Zone).

The price must not go beyond @ 1.07250. .  Otherwise, I think this will be another day that I will make another bank ; )—

TP @ 1.0660 and SL @ 1.07320 still...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1631 ---
I'm back... After briefly taking a short-term sabbatical from the trading arena (adjusted my SL higher). While my stubbornness was part of my set-and-forget approach, I was rewarded with a little (closed some short entries in profits). Now, my focus returns to the battlefield of bids and asks, ready to strike again, maybe even sooner (@post time my SL moved to profits - leaving one short entry's SL a little above Weekly VWAP).

Meanwhile, I placed a buy limit order at 1.06280 - 1.06500 with a TP of 1.06850 and SL @ 1.05900

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1632 ---
The previous one remaining short trade closed, buy limit orders retracted,  and a single buy entry launched with an SL placed at 1.0660. As for the profit target, set @ 1.07050.  Also, place one buy-limit order.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1633 ---
EUR/USD: my current positions...

I have a bearish bias for the next 4 hours. After that, I will re-analyze the current price action systematically. Currently, if the 1-hour candle (@post time) closes above 1.07160, it indicates that the Bulls are trying to gain control. If the price breaks down below 1.07060 within the next 4 hours, then the Bears keep on growling to control the Price.

My TP is set for 1.06930, with a defensive SL at 1.07300, ensuring that I’m not caught in the woods ; )—

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1634 ---
EUR/USD... new positions

Yesterday, I made bank.  Now let us see if I would do another ; )— TP around current Weekly VWAP (@post time)

Regression Analysis:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1635 ---
EUR/USD:  new position

TP @ 1.07150... Just a bit below my weekly VWAP line.

And my SL @ 1.06620

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1636 ---
Updated positions...

TP adjusted to 1.07350 and SL adjusted from 1.06620 to profit level @ post time just a little below Weekly VWAP.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1637 ---
EUR/USD: new postiions... Regression Analysis

TP @ 1.07300 and SL @1.06600

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1638 ---
While the ECB has been raising rates, they’ve expressed caution about going too far, which could be viewed as a dovish stance compared to the Fed. That being said, based on my understanding, I believe the ECB might maintain its current policy for the short-term, which could indeed put some bullish pressure on the EUR/USD pair.

Based on my analysis and bias... I do believe that the EUR/USD pair could have some short-term bullish potential. The ECB’s policy and potential divergence from the Fed’s more aggressive stance could put upward pressure on the EUR. Of course, it’s important to monitor the market closely and adapt your strategy as needed, as things can change quickly.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

With the EUR/USD trading above the 50-day MA and the 200-day MA still acting as a potential resistance level, it could suggest a bullish bias in the short-term. However, it's important to consider other factors as well, like the overall trend and economic news. It might be a good idea to keep an eye on key levels and the 200-day MA to see if the trend continues or if the pair reverses. Always stay flexible and adaptable!

In addition, there is strong support around 1.0600 and resistance around 1.0800. A break above or below these levels could indicate a shift in short-term momentum.

--- 帖子 #1639 ---
Seize the opportunity to buy at discounts around the Weekly VWAP. The bullish bias will be further reinforced if the price breaches the key value area high of 1.07250, which could signal a potential continuation of the uptrend. But be warned, the forex market can be as fickle as a cat deciding whether it wants to be petted or not!

When navigating the sometimes stressful world of trading, always remember to keep things light and have fun. After all, life’s a journey, not a destination... or should I say a long position and not a short one!

Have a nice weekend!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1640 ---
New open/pending positions: TP @ 1.07230 and SL @ 1.07650.

Based on my analysis, I expect that the EUR/USD price may initially retrace downwards to fill the gap created by the opening surge, before potentially rebounding to the 1.08000 price level.

Keep in mind that the market is always changing, so it's important to stay flexible and adapt to new information.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1641 ---
The opening gap has been successfully filled, leading me to shift my strategy. I now intend to buy on dips around the 1.07230 level, aiming to take advantage of potential upward momentum in the EUR/USD pair and target the 1.08000 resistance handle.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1642 ---
Based on the current market conditions, it’s possible that the EUR/USD pair could reach the 1.08000 handle before retracing back to 1.06000. Here are a couple of factors that could support this potential scenario:The recent upward momentum of the pair suggests a possible extension of the bullish trend, potentially driving the price toward the 1.08000 handle (or even up to the 1.08400 handle). The resistance level at the 1.08000 handle may act as a temporary barrier, leading to a short-term pullback towards the 1.06000 handle before the price continues its upward trend. Remember, success in trading is a marathon, not a sprint, so keep learning and adapting to the ever-changing markets. Cheers!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1643 ---
EUR/USD: Open/Pending Positions...

TP @ 1.07690 - I will attempt to close it before the market closes.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1644 ---
...woke up and no attempt from me to close my positions:

Anyhow, this week, my strategy is to sell at the highs and keep an eye on the price around 1.07000. However, I will remain flexible and adapt my approach to risk management, always prioritizing risk mitigation and avoiding unnecessary risk.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1645 ---
Hmmm... Bearing fruits.

Still... Eyeballing the 1.07000 Price handle.

--- 帖子 #1646 ---
EUR/USD:  New and pending positions...
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

20-day and 50-day MA
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1647 ---
UPDATED: The News Events tool has been fixed. Now, it adheres to the bandwidth restrictions for each unique data request. It will only request updated calendar data if it doesn't already exist locally.

Download this latest version by getting it here >>> News_Events

Optional download... If you encounter a problem, it may be because you don't have the most recent calendar file.
Here's this week's calendar file:
Attached File(s)   2024-08-11_Scheduled.xml

27 KB
|
125 downloads

And saved inside this Windows folder location: C:\Users\anonymous\AppData\Roaming\MetaQuotes\Terminal\2C68BEE3A904BDCEE3EEF5A5A77EC162\MQL4\Files

--- 帖子 #1648 ---
AUD/USD

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1649 ---
EUR/USD
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

EUR/CAD
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1650 ---
EUR/USD

--- 帖子 #1651 ---
v2v dynamic trading system ► updated release

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Guidelines:

• Essential Steps for New Users: Carefully follow the outlined steps provided → HERE

• To learn more about the system, users are encouraged to visit → HERE

Operational setup:

For a smoother experience when adjusting your chart settings, I recommend temporarily turning off the dynamic MyNET or disabling the Hidden Gap Finder feature. You can also try reducing the start bar parameter value.

--- 帖子 #1652 ---
EUR/USD

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1653 ---
EUR/USD

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1654 ---
EUR/USD

--- 帖子 #1655 ---
v2v dynamic trading system ►  updated release

• Pivot FIBS plus
• Custom Candle and Hidden Gap

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Guidelines:
• Essential Steps for New Users: Carefully follow the outlined steps provided →  HERE
•  To learn more about the system, users are encouraged to visit  →  HERE

Operational setup:

For a smoother experience when adjusting your chart settings, I recommend temporarily turning off the dynamic MyNET or disabling the Hidden Gap Finder feature. You can also try reducing the start bar parameter value.

--- 帖子 #1656 ---
EUR/USD
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1657 ---
,,,updated position: EUR/USD

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1658 ---
EUR/USD
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1659 ---
EUR/USD

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1660 ---
...updated positions:  EUR/USD
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1661 ---
EUR/USD
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1662 ---
EUR/USD

--- 帖子 #1663 ---
EUR/USD
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1664 ---
EUR/USD

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1665 ---
EUR/USD: 1-HR Chart | Broker 12-HR candles
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Recent market developments have created near-term bearish pressure on the EUR/USD pair. Technically, the pair is nearing a significant resistance level, and the short-term moving averages are trending downward. On the fundamental side, uncertainty surrounding global trade policies and the possibility of economic slowdowns may be strengthening the U.S. dollar, which could further exert pressure on the pair. As always, traders need to stay informed and make decisions based on their risk tolerance and analysis.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

It appears that the EUR/USD trend is somewhat bearish in the near term, with the current level approaching a bearish 200 SMA and the 20 SMA gaining downward traction. This is further supported by Trump’s trade policies, which may strengthen the US Dollar Index and put pressure on EUR/USD. However, it’s important to note that market sentiment can shift quickly based on economic data and geopolitical events, so it’s crucial to stay up-to-date on the latest developments.

--- 帖子 #1666 ---
EUR/USD: 1-HR Chart | Mid-London 12-HR candles
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1667 ---
EUR/USD... updated positions
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1668 ---
EUR/USD... updated positions:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1669 ---
EUR/USD... updated position

--- 帖子 #1670 ---
EUR/USD... new positions:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1671 ---
...v2v dynamic trading system...
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1672 ---
EUR/USD:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1673 ---
EUR/USD... updated positions:

--- 帖子 #1674 ---
EUR/USD... pending positions (buy & sell): H1 chart & H12 candles (London-midday)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1675 ---
EUR/USD... new pending positions (buy&sell):
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1676 ---
...updated (filled) positions:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1677 ---
EUR/USD... new and pending positions

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1678 ---
EUR/USD... updated positions:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1679 ---
EUR/USD... updated positions:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1680 ---
EUR/USD... @post time - Current state of existing/pending positions:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1681 ---
v2v dynamic trading system... got optimized! —well just a bit ; )-

• News Events: Fixed an issue that prevented scheduled news from displaying when the button was toggled from OFF to ON. To optimize system loading, the default tool parameter value has been set back to OFF.

• Some of the tools/indicators got a bit optimized ; )-
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Guidelines:

• Essential Steps for New Users: Carefully follow the outlined steps provided → HERE

• To learn more about the system, users are encouraged to visit → HERE

Operational setup:

For a smoother experience when adjusting your chart settings, I recommend temporarily turning off the dynamic MyNET or disabling the Hidden Gap Finder feature. You can also try reducing the start bar parameter value.

--- 帖子 #1682 ---
v2v dynamic trading system... need for speed updates! —well just a bit ; )-

• News Events: By default, the on-load behavior when switching between timeframes is turned OFF.

• dynamic MyNET: When the Weighted Average Price (WAP) indicator type is selected, its status is set to OFF by default during timeframe switches. Also, this tool will automatically toggle OFF if you click or drag the vertical line guides from the main chart used for the VP-R tool regardless of the chosen indicator. The same behavior occurs when you start using the correlation tool.

These updates aim to improve your experience with the system by offering increased flexibility in customizing your default or preferred chart template. When using dynamic MyNET on your chart, I recommend disabling or removing this tool before opening new positions or managing existing ones. This practice ensures a faster and more efficient chart interface.

Although the v2v dynamic trading system contains a comprehensive suite of tools, it is well-structured and designed to be clear and informative once users become familiar with its features. The various components work together harmoniously to provide valuable insights into market trends and dynamics, empowering traders to make well-informed, systematically driven decisions.

While the system may appear complex initially, its organized layout and informative nature allow users to navigate its many tools with ease, making it an effective resource for analyzing and trading the forex market.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Guidelines:

• Essential Steps for New Users: Carefully follow the outlined steps provided → HERE

• To learn more about the system, users are encouraged to visit → HERE

Operational setup:

For a smoother experience when adjusting your chart settings, I recommend temporarily turning off the dynamic MyNET or disabling the Hidden Gap Finder feature. You can also try reducing the start bar parameter value.

--- 帖子 #1683 ---
EUR/USD... pending positions:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1684 ---
Re-uploaded with optimized global variable management and now featuring only two chart templates: one with the dynamic MyNET tool and the other without it.

Guidelines:

• Essential Steps for New Users: Carefully follow the outlined steps provided → HERE

• To learn more about the system, users are encouraged to visit → HERE

Operational setup:

For a smoother experience when adjusting your chart settings, I recommend temporarily turning off the dynamic MyNET or disabling the Hidden Gap Finder feature. You can also try reducing the start bar parameter value.

--- 帖子 #1685 ---
EUR/USD... updated pending positions:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1686 ---
EUR/USD... updated positions:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1687 ---
EUR/USD... updated positions

--- 帖子 #1688 ---
EUR/USD... updated positions: Just woke up... I will close this soon enough ; )— It is truly a nonchalant forex trading pair.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1689 ---
EUR/USD... new positions | Asian session | H1 chart | midday London 12HR candles:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1690 ---
The image shows the tool I'm using for Market time:

The worldtimebuddy dot com and the market24hclock dot com (e.g. Asian range)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Please be aware that the v2v dynamic trading system operates based on my broker's time zone, which is GMT+2, and your broker likely follows the same time zone. To ensure that all features function correctly, this time zone has been integrated into the system's code.

By aligning the system with the broker's time zone, we enable accurate tracking and processing of trading activities within the Forex market. This allows for seamless operation and helps you stay on top of market developments.

--- 帖子 #1691 ---
Forex Fixings times based on GMT, including both major fixings and other relevant fixing times:

Major Fixings:WM/Reuters 4 pm London Fix: 16:00 GMT ECB 2:15 pm CET Fix: 14:15 GMT (or 15:15 GMT during daylight saving time) Tokyo Fix: 09:55 GMT Additional Fixings:Frankfurt Fix: 07:00 GMT (for EUR) London Morning Fix: 10:00 GMT (for EUR, GBP) Singapore Fix: 14:00 GMT (for Asian currencies) Toronto Fix: 17:00 GMT (for CAD) New York Fix: 17:00 GMT (for USD) Keep in mind that these fixing times may change depending on market conditions or regulatory requirements, and their relevance may vary for different currency pairs or regional markets.

--- 帖子 #1692 ---
v2v dynamic trading system... for the MT4 platform

The v2v dynamic trading system, with its innovative Dominant Cycle Periods (DCP) and MomenTicks technology, is poised to revolutionize retail trading. This system employs DCP and Volume-Weighted Momentum to provide traders with a new perspective on market trends. By utilizing these insights, traders can navigate market volatility with greater precision and confidence.

With a refreshing break from the usual barrage of trigger alerts and directional arrows, the v2v dynamic trading system empowers traders to sharpen their analytical skills and develop a strategic, informed approach to trading. Unlike traditional methods, which can lead to impulsive, reactionary decision-making, this system promotes a more thoughtful, deliberate engagement with market trends and dynamics, fostering an environment of critical thinking and profitable opportunities.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1693 ---
EUR/USD... updated positions:

--- 帖子 #1694 ---
Based on the v2v dynamic trading system ; )- assisted technical analysis, I anticipate a potential uptrend in the EUR/USD pair, with the price possibly reaching 1.0450 on or before the end of this trading week.

This projection is based solely on my technical analysis. Please note that my actual trading positions may be subject to change daily during the Asian session as price action develops through the London midday session. I will continue to monitor market conditions and adapt my strategy accordingly.

At the time of this post, other traders sharing a bullish sentiment may also be closely monitoring the 1.03260 level, anticipating a breakthrough to support their long positions.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Remember that this view is based on technical analysis, and market conditions can rapidly change. As always, it's essential to stay informed and adapt your strategy to optimize your trading results.

--- 帖子 #1695 ---
EUR/USD... new & pending positions:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1696 ---
EUR/USD... new positions | M30 chart | H8 custom candles - Midday New York open
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1697 ---
EUR/USD... now... closed position:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

...new position | H1 chart | H12 custom candles - midday London
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1698 ---
EUR/USD... pending positions | H1 chart | H8 custom candles - midday London
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1699 ---
EUR/USD... updated positions:

--- 帖子 #1700 ---
EUR/USD... closed positions... new pending positions:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1701 ---
EUR/USD... new position:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1702 ---
EUR/USD... pending positions:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1703 ---
EUR/USD... new position:

--- 帖子 #1704 ---
...I blinked twice... EUR/USD ; )- is being naughty or nice.

--- 帖子 #1705 ---
EUR/USD ...new pending positions:

--- 帖子 #1706 ---
v2v dynamic trading system... updates! —well just a bit ; )-

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Guidelines:

• Essential Steps for New Users: Carefully follow the outlined steps provided → HERE

• To learn more about the system, users are encouraged to visit → HERE

Operational setup:

For a smoother experience when adjusting your chart settings, I recommend temporarily turning off the dynamic MyNET or disabling the Hidden Gap Finder feature. You can also try reducing the start bar parameter value.

--- 帖子 #1707 ---
EUR/USD ...updated positions:  Now, donating liquidity to support the bull run ; )—

Attached Image (click to enlarge)
nyt nyt

--- 帖子 #1708 ---
Happy  Day!

--- 帖子 #1709 ---
v2v dynamic trading system... updates!

• Adjusted ICT time ranges: Modified at least two ICT time ranges to ensure accurate alignment with New York time.

• Optimized Pivot-Fibs and Custom Candles tool: Fine-tuned the functionality of the Pivot-Fibs and Custom Candles tool for enhanced performance and better integration with the overall trading system.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Guidelines:

• Essential Steps for New Users: Carefully follow the outlined steps provided → HERE

• To learn more about the system, users are encouraged to visit → HERE

Operational setup:

For a smoother experience when adjusting your chart settings, I recommend temporarily turning off the dynamic MyNET or disabling the Hidden Gap Finder feature. You can also try reducing the start bar parameter value.

--- 帖子 #1710 ---
Re-uploaded :
Fixed the default session parameter (button) with the PIVOT-FIBS plus

--- 帖子 #1711 ---
v2v dynamic trading system... updates!

• Enhanced synchronization between PIVOT FIBS plus and Custom Candle & Hidden Gap tools, ensuring seamless session handling.

• New templates and default parameter value
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Guidelines:

• Essential Steps for New Users: Carefully follow the outlined steps provided → HERE

• To learn more about the system, users are encouraged to visit → HERE

Operational setup:

For a smoother experience when adjusting your chart settings, I recommend temporarily turning off the dynamic MyNET or disabling the Hidden Gap Finder feature. You can also try reducing the start bar parameter value.

--- 帖子 #1712 ---
Re-uploaded:

Fixed the session handling when switching to another chart timeframe (less than or equal to H1 TF) between Custom Candle & Hidden Gap and PIVOT FIBS plus tools.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1713 ---
EUR/USD... new positions:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1714 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1715 ---
EUR/USD... current positions:

--- 帖子 #1716 ---
v2v dynamic trading system... updates!

• v2v Power—currency strength tool: A toggle button has been added to enable or disable the tool. By default, it is set to OFF to speed up the loading of v2v system chart templates.

• Custom Candle and Hidden Gap tool: Resolved a minor issue affecting the Weekly candle on chart timeframes less than or equal to H1.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Guidelines:

• Essential Steps for New Users: Carefully follow the outlined steps provided → HERE

• To learn more about the system, users are encouraged to visit → HERE

Operational setup:

For a smoother experience when adjusting your chart settings, I recommend temporarily turning off the dynamic MyNET or disabling the Hidden Gap Finder feature. You can also try reducing the start bar parameter value.

--- 帖子 #1717 ---
EUR/USD... pending positions
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1718 ---
A personal mantra... Using self-reflection and self-advice:

--- 帖子 #1719 ---
This comment made my day ; )—
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1720 ---
v2v dynamic trading system... updates!

• v2v Power: Resolved an issue where the background image persisted even when the tool was turned off after an MT4 platform disconnection. The currency strength tool now functions seamlessly with the added toggle button, allowing users to enable or disable it as needed. By default, the tool is OFF to optimize loading times for v2v system chart templates.

• Custom Candle & Hidden Gap tool and PIVOT FIBS plus: Optimized synchronization between these tools to enhance performance and ensure accurate session handling.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Guidelines:

• Essential Steps for New Users: Carefully follow the outlined steps provided → HERE

• To learn more about the system, users are encouraged to visit → HERE

Operational setup:

For a smoother experience when adjusting your chart settings, I recommend temporarily turning off the dynamic MyNET or disabling the Hidden Gap Finder feature. You can also try reducing the start bar parameter value.

--- 帖子 #1721 ---
EUR/USD... pending positions:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1722 ---
EUR/USD... new positions:  buy low >>> target 1.04500 handle

--- 帖子 #1723 ---
Gold, my occasional frenemy: While trading in this precious metal can sometimes heighten my stress levels, I remain captivated by its allure and sometimes pursue new positions. After all, a bit of excitement and unpredictability can certainly spice up a trader's life ; )—

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1724 ---
I am exploring the integration of Order Block features into my v2v dynamic system to identify key areas for institutional order placement. This enhancement aims to align my trading strategies with major market participants.

Order Blocks could complement my current system components, such as volume profile and quantile areas, and improve overall trading performance. They may help me identify high-probability trade setups and critical support and resistance levels, leading to better risk management and more informed entry and exit points.

Incorporating Order Blocks provides a valuable opportunity to adapt to changing market conditions and maintain a competitive edge.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1725 ---
EUR/USD... pending positions:

--- 帖子 #1726 ---
EUR/USD... new positions:

--- 帖子 #1727 ---
v2v dynamic trading system... updates!

PIVOT FIBS plus:A new GMT input parameter has been added, enabling users to synchronize the tool with their broker's MT4 server time (see the provided image). This enhancement ensures compatibility with the upcoming Daylight Saving Time (DST) transition, which is set to occur on March 9th, 2025. ICT's timing ranges, kill zones, and silver bullet have been updated and revised for the most commonly used ranges.

Custom Candle & Hidden Gap tool :The tool now utilizes the GMT input parameter from the PIVOT FIBS plus tool, ensuring seamless integration and accurate time-based analysis across both tools.  Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Guidelines:

• Essential Steps for New Users: Carefully follow the outlined steps provided → HERE

• To learn more about the system, users are encouraged to visit → HERE

Operational setup:

For a smoother experience when adjusting your chart settings, I recommend temporarily turning off the dynamic MyNET or disabling the Hidden Gap Finder feature. You can also try reducing the start bar parameter value.

--- 帖子 #1728 ---
DXY (USD index) with negative correlation to EUR/USD... Hmmm... Observing the interplay between these two.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1729 ---
v2v dynamic trading system... updates!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Guidelines:

• Essential Steps for New Users: Carefully follow the outlined steps provided → HERE

• To learn more about the system, users are encouraged to visit → HERE

--- 帖子 #1730 ---
EUR/USD... new positions:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1731 ---
I will update the news reader (News_Events) of the system based on the solution I made and posted >>> here.

Also for the tool PIVOT FIBS plus when showing the Weekly on H1 TF and H4 TF if session selection is "Broker"

--- 帖子 #1732 ---
v2v dynamic trading system... updates!

• News Events: Updated accordingly based on the solution I made and posted >>> here.

• PIVOT FIBS plus: H4 and H1 TF Weekly line for statistical quantile -quartile lines for Broker session got fixed.

• Custom Candle and Hidden Gaps: Now adheres to #property strict coding

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Guidelines:

• Essential Steps for New Users: Carefully follow the outlined steps provided → HERE

• To learn more about the system, users are encouraged to visit → HERE

--- 帖子 #1733 ---
EUR/USD... pending positions:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1734 ---
EUR/USD and USD/CHF inverse correlation... v2v dynamic trading system incorporates this inverse correlation into its core, enabling traders to make informed decisions in real-time.  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1735 ---
EUR/USD... new pending positions:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1736 ---
RE-UPLOADED...

It seems that the original loop in the code was intended to process bars starting from the start of the bar up to the current candle. Changing the loop to start from zero, now includes the start of the bar itself in the calculations, which might cause the custom candle start bar to be drawn inaccurately.

To address this, I adjusted the loop to start from k=1 and checked to ensure that the start of the bar doesn't go below 0.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Guidelines:

• Essential Steps for New Users: Carefully follow the outlined steps provided → HERE

• To learn more about the system, users are encouraged to visit → HERE

--- 帖子 #1737 ---
EUR/USD... pending/open positions:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1738 ---
EUR/USD... new positions:

--- 帖子 #1739 ---
The MVWAP labeling will be updated in the next release... The same goes for the new Quantile 70 (Q70) = Q75, Q65, Q50

...tools modified:

VP-R tools and the PIVOT FIBS plus

--- 帖子 #1740 ---
EUR/USD... updated positions:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1741 ---
v2v dynamic trading system... updates!

• v2v Power:  Applied EMA smoothing by default

Using the following symbols:
"EURUSD","GBPUSD","AUDUSD","NZDUSD","XAUUSD","XAUEUR","XAUAUD","XAGUSD","XAGEUR","XAGAUD","EURAUD","GBPAUD","GBPNZD","AUDNZD","EURNZD","USDNOK","USDCZK","USDPLN","USDJPY","GBPJPY","EURJPY","AUDJPY","NZDJPY","CADJPY","CHFJPY","USDCAD","EURCAD","GBPCAD","AUDCAD","NZDCAD","EURGBP","GBPCHF","EURCHF","CADCHF","AUDCHF","NZDCHF","USDCHF","EURNOK","EURCZK","EURPLN"

• New templates and default parameter values

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Guidelines:

• Essential Steps for New Users: Carefully follow the outlined steps provided → HERE

• To learn more about the system, users are encouraged to visit → HERE

--- 帖子 #1742 ---
v2v Power

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1743 ---
v2v Power ...currency strength indicator with smoothing factor (EMA)

Use embedded smoothing values of 0.15 for chart time frames greater than or equal to H1 and 0.08 for time frames less than or equal to M30— I may include it as an input parameter for the next release.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

`

--- 帖子 #1744 ---
EUR/USD: H4 TF | Weekly custom candles
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1745 ---
EUR/USD... Daily Chart | Weekly custom candle

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1746 ---
EUR/USD... H1 chart | 12H custom candles
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1747 ---
v2v dynamic trading system... Sumer Time - DST updates

— PIVOT FIBS Plus and Custom Candle and Hidden Gaps: DST adjusted (default: GMT+3)
— v2v Power: Optimized and with new default parameter values.
— New templates: 1_Default.tpl and 2_Default.tpl

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Guidelines:
• Essential Steps for New Users: Carefully follow the outlined steps provided → HERE
• To learn more about the system, users are encouraged to visit → HERE

--- 帖子 #1748 ---
GBP/JPY

--- 帖子 #1749 ---
CAD/JPY

--- 帖子 #1750 ---
v2v dynamic trading system... UPDATES!Volume Profile Range with ATR-based statistical Z-score bands, using the VWAP as the midpoint:Implemented the caching of historical values.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Guidelines:
• Essential Steps for New Users: Carefully follow the outlined steps provided → HERE
• To learn more about the system, users are encouraged to visit → HERE

--- 帖子 #1751 ---
Fixed caching issues with the following v2v dynamic trading system tools:v2v Power Volume Profile Range ...the new v2v Power
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1752 ---
The cache function has been updated with its final fix, ensuring optimal performance and efficiency. Additionally, all debugging terminal prints have been removed.

The updated version is now available for use.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Guidelines:

• Essential Steps for New Users: Carefully follow the outlined steps provided → HERE

• To learn more about the system, users are encouraged to visit → HERE

--- 帖子 #1753 ---
EUR/USD

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1754 ---
v2v Power indicator...  with OIL strength

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Common WTI Oil symbols across brokers that can be identified by this tool:
"USOIL.cash", "XTIUSD", "XTIUSDv", "USOUSD", "CL", "USOIL",
"OILUSD", "OIL_US", "WTI", "XTIUS", "WTIUSD", "USOIL_USD",
"CL-USD", "USOIL_SPOT", "CL1!", "CL.F"

Guidelines:

• Essential Steps for New Users: Carefully follow the outlined steps provided → HERE

• To learn more about the system, users are encouraged to visit → HERE

--- 帖子 #1755 ---
Silver... trade with v2v Power & Correlation Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In the current release, only USD-quoted oil is detected automatically. I will upload the updated v2v Power tool soon. The changes made will allow for the detection of Gold and Silver instruments quoted in USD only as a standard. However, you may need some additional symbols that are hard-coded: XAUEUR, XAUAUD, XAGEUR, and XAGAUD, for extra strength calculations.

For your reference, here is the full list of hard-coded symbols that need to be activated on your MT4 platform's Market Watch.

"EURUSD","GBPUSD","AUDUSD","NZDUSD","XAUUSD","XAUEUR","XAUAUD","XAGUSD","XAGEUR","XAGAUD","EURAUD","GBPAUD","GBPNZD","AUDNZD","EURNZD","USDJPY","GBPJPY","EURJPY","AUDJPY","NZDJPY","CADJPY","CHFJPY","USDCAD","EURCAD","GBPCAD","AUDCAD","NZDCAD","EURGBP","GBPCHF","EURCHF","CADCHF","AUDCHF","NZDCHF","USDCHF","USDNOK","USDCZK","EURNOK","EURCZK","USDMXN","USOIL.cash"

The three highlighted symbols above represent the default values for metals and oil, quoted only in USD. For all others, the tool will automatically detect the available values. This functionality for detecting metals will be included in the next release of the tool.

--- 帖子 #1756 ---
Has anyone looked at currency strength and correlation as tools to manage or execute trade entries?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Recently, I customized my currency strength meter and applied it to analyze various metals quoted in USD, EUR, and AUD. The results have shown that monitoring currency strength and analyzing positive and negative correlations with related symbols can provide valuable insights for traders.

By incorporating currency strength and correlation into your trading strategy, you can enhance your understanding of the market and make better-informed decisions.

Here are some key advantages of using these tools:Identifying Strong and Weak Currencies: Currency strength analysis helps traders spot trends and potential breakouts, leading to better trade entries and management. Gauging Correlation: Analyzing correlations between currency pairs and related symbols offers additional insights, helping traders identify potential risks and opportunities. Reducing Exposure to Market Volatility: By evaluating the strength of the base currency against the quote currency, traders can minimize their exposure to market fluctuations.

--- 帖子 #1757 ---
v2v Power is one of the tools inside the v2v dynamic trading system

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

These tools were optimized/updated: v2v Power, Volume Profile- Range (VP-R), and Regression Analysis channel for VP-R

Getting started with v2v dynamic trading system:
• Essential Steps for New Users: Carefully follow the outlined steps provided → HERE
• To learn more about the system, users are encouraged to visit → HERE

--- 帖子 #1758 ---
RE-UPLOADED:

I have recently resolved some minor issues with the v2v Power and Correlation tool, specifically related to USD-quoted Oil and Metals (Gold and Silver). Please keep in mind that this tool is intended to function as part of the v2v dynamic trading system and may not operate effectively as a standalone tool.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The following instruments/Symbols must be activated on your MT4 platform:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image
Attached Image
Attached Image

Getting started with v2v dynamic trading system:

• Essential Steps for New Users: Carefully follow the outlined steps provided → HERE

• To learn more about the system, users are encouraged to visit → HERE

--- 帖子 #1759 ---
v2v dynamic trading system — UPDATESv2v Power — with indexes: S&P 500 (SPX) quoted in USD, GER40 (DAX) quoted in EUR, UK100 (UKX) quoted in GBP, Nikkei 225 (NKY) quoted in JPY, and AUS200 (ASX) quoted in AUD. v2v Correlation  Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Getting started with v2v dynamic trading system:

• Essential Steps for New Users: Carefully follow the outlined steps provided → HERE

• To learn more about the system, users are encouraged to visit → HERE

--- 帖子 #1760 ---
v2v Power & Correlation...Exclusively for the v2v dynamic trading system  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Getting started with v2v dynamic trading system:
• Essential Steps for New Users: Carefully follow the outlined steps provided → HERE
• To learn more about the system, users are encouraged to visit → HERE

--- 帖子 #1761 ---
EUR/USD

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1762 ---
v2v Power with indices...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1763 ---
The Sure Thing in FOREX — What??? ...Seasonal short bias on EUR/CAD

This is contrary to my initial belief that it was Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD) ; )—

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1764 ---
DAM... Pop, rap, and rock all come together with Melody ; )—  I just added to my playlist... listening while trading and coding

Inserted Video

--- 帖子 #1765 ---
EUR/USD... Current positions: monitoring correlations including the strengths of DAX, SPX, and DOW

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1766 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1767 ---
Patience is a Virtue

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1768 ---
v2v dynamic trading system | v2v Power & Correlation

• Added "NAS"... Nasdaq Composite Index

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Getting started with v2v dynamic trading system:

• Essential Steps for New Users: Carefully follow the outlined steps provided → HERE

• To learn more about the system, users are encouraged to visit → HERE

--- 帖子 #1769 ---
EUR/USD

Attached Image (click to enlarge)


===== 附件下载链接 =====

HERE: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4924556?d=1742826301
v2v_dynamic_trading_system.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4924556?d=1742826301
JFVWAP.ex5: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3416219?d=1566126748
Anchored Momentum Indicator Study by Rudy Stefenel.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3465527?d=1571179996
Empirical model for stochastic volatility of financial fluctuations.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3485717?d=1573315560
Period_Of_Dominant_Cycle.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3488902?d=1573688835
ROCKET SCIENCE FOR  TRADER.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3490859?d=1573920062
10.9v1.0 PivotBoxes.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3515359?d=1577042287
10.9v1.0 PivotBoxes.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3515360?d=1577042288
Ehlers (Time Warp).doc: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3561675?d=1582547902
SSA_of_MomenTicks_stand-alone.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3570281?d=1583350366
SSA_of_MomenTicks.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3570282?d=1583350366
v2v_Volume_Profile.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3593035?d=1585602526
Reflex_a_New_Zero_Lag_Indicator.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3622090?d=1588295437
TMS_Angleator_withRed.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3629887?d=1589010925
PipShow_stand-alone.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3838902?d=1611037700
Reflex_a_New_Zero_Lag_Indicator.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3925183?d=1619565700
Volume_Profile_The_insider's_guide.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4038175?d=1631816229
Noise Elimination Technology.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4076891?d=1636277319
Volume_Profile_The_insider's_guide.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4098653?d=1638971483
export-1670618408.csv: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4349704?d=1670619454
v2v_dynamic_trading_system.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4354637?d=1671231275
HERE: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4359655?d=1672094926
HERE: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4359833?d=1672124899
HERE: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4363181?d=1672618619
HERE: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4364077?d=1672736680
HERE: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4366177?d=1672908913
HERE: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4368284?d=1673158011
HERE: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4380654?d=1674577470
HERE: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4385689?d=1675169781
HERE: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4400443?d=1676880789
HERE: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4402894?d=1677150452
HERE: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4404682?d=1677434845
HERE: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4406421?d=1677602381
HERE: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4406421?d=1677602381
HERE: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4408399?d=1677766921
Just How Long Will A Trend Go On - Trend Continuation Factor M.H. Pee.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4409268?d=1677844212
HERE: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4409292?d=1677846088
HERE: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4410344?d=1678055594
HERE: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4411076?d=1678121793
HERE: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4411076?d=1678121793
HERE: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4413207?d=1678323101
HERE: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4415843?d=1678670281
HERE: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4418603?d=1678913368
HERE: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4423455?d=1679512518
HERE: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4424169?d=1679581424
HERE: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4424169?d=1679581424
HERE: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4424169?d=1679581424
HERE: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4424524?d=1679617598
HERE: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4424169?d=1679581424
HERE: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4427488?d=1680019577
HERE: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4428493?d=1680116629
HERE: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4428494?d=1680116643
HERE: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4431824?d=1680597711
HERE: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4431664?d=1680575609
HERE: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4431824?d=1680597711
HERE: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4431664?d=1680575609
HERE: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4434767?d=1680901687
HERE: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4434768?d=1680901705
HERE: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4435020?d=1681013866
HERE: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4435019?d=1681013853
HERE: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4435310?d=1681092179
HERE: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4435311?d=1681092197
HERE: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4435310?d=1681092179
HERE: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4435311?d=1681092197
HERE: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4436457?d=1681218637
HERE: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4436264?d=1681203329
HERE: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4438902?d=1681472973
HERE: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4438903?d=1681472989
HERE: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4438902?d=1681472973
HERE: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4438903?d=1681472989
HERE: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4443778?d=1682087075
HERE: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4443779?d=1682087087
HERE: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4444166?d=1682189385
HERE: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4444167?d=1682189411
HERE: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4444694?d=1682322929
HERE: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4444695?d=1682322943
HERE: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4449442?d=1682961539
HERE: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4449443?d=1682961563
HERE: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4449442?d=1682961539
HERE: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4449443?d=1682961563
HERE: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4459396?d=1684320467
HERE: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4458654?d=1684239374
HERE: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4459396?d=1684320467
HERE: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4458654?d=1684239374
HERE: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4459808?d=1684356228
HERE: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4459810?d=1684356245
HERE: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4459808?d=1684356228
HERE: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4459810?d=1684356245
HERE: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4465429?d=1685074693
HERE: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4465430?d=1685074712
HERE: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4466146?d=1685128179
HERE: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4466148?d=1685128190
HERE: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4466146?d=1685128179
HERE: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4466148?d=1685128190
HERE: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4466764?d=1685310552
HERE: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4466765?d=1685310586
HERE: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4468413?d=1685497200
HERE: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4468414?d=1685497214
HERE: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4468413?d=1685497200
HERE: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4468414?d=1685497214
Noise Elimination Technology.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4486026?d=1687550195
Just How Long Will A Trend Go On - Trend Continuation Factor M.H. Pee.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4495448?d=1688964997
HERE: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4409268?d=1677844212
HERE: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4641518?d=1706628410
Attachment g: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4659820
News_Events: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4780816?d=1723698990
2024-08-11_Scheduled.xml: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4780892?d=1723705100
