===== 帖子内容 =====

--- 帖子 #1 ---
http://www.forexfactory.com/nfs/sign...gpic9556_3.gif

Dear Traders,

At last after countless days and untold amounts of time I have created what I feel is my finest work in my 7 years in forex. With the help of Robdee and his superior MT4 skills whom has created the fine layout of these charts and programming 8 indicators into 1 super efficient alert system vForce has reached its launch stage. The charts below will tell all as Rob and I attempt to take all traders on the ride of a lifetime turning a seemingly difficult and wild market and taming it into a super efficient profit making machine. Attached to this post is the vForce zip folder with a PDF document.Read that first as it contains all the needed information including instruction on how to use the system and load the indicators. Also please read all the included documents.

Best regards,

ForexJedi and Robdee

--- 帖子 #2 ---
I have a question. In the indicator settings do we need to enter 100 for 5 decimal brokers? or the indicator will handle both 4 and 5 decimal brokers?

Thanks

Karun

--- 帖子 #3 ---
Here are some examples of the vForce in action. The price marker shows the 10 pips distance from the direction of the signal.

--- 帖子 #4 ---
Karun,

Thanks for stoping in. The indicator should be able to handle both 4 and 5 decimal brokers.

FJ

--- 帖子 #5 ---
I assume you mean the ConfirmPips = 10 setting in vForceAlerts?

I have not tested on a decimal 5 broker but the code uses the internal MT4 variables for converting between decimal numbers and pips so in theory you should leave the setting at 10 and MT4 will do the conversions.

I will be interested to hear from anyone using a broker with 5 decimal points in their prices. RD

Update:

A new version of vForceAlerts now includes all the 5 decimal price conversions. Default user settings work correctly on both 4 decimal and 5 decimal systems. Download the new version from post 101...
http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...&postcount=101

--- 帖子 #6 ---
The indicator seems interesting, at some cases it looks like we may need to trail the stops tightly. On the first glance it looks very good, will give it a try for some time and lets see how it goes. BTW, for confirmpips settings we do need to enter 100 in case its a five digit broker.

Thanks

Karun

--- 帖子 #7 ---
Yes, I was referring to ConfirmPips setting only. I use 5 decimal point broker.

Thanks

Karun

--- 帖子 #8 ---
Glad to be here from the start. Looks very promising.

--- 帖子 #9 ---
Paradoxical,

A big welcome to you and everyone visiting to experience the vForce from Robdee and I.

--- 帖子 #10 ---
Thanks for Sharing Forexjedi,

I had a couple of questions.

1. Can u also trade this on a 5 min. timeframe?

2. I noticed on past charts with Eur/Usd that the a blue candle appeard and then followed by a green candle however the green candle was not 12 pips higher than the high of the blue candle. Again these are past charts. Is there a reason for this?

I will test this indicator, and report back, thank you again for the time with this strategy.

--- 帖子 #11 ---
A fine example of how the 10 pip filter tag saves you from loosing pips. To make it be know this system has a 70% chance of making at least 30 pips when a trade is initiated by the rules.

FJ

--- 帖子 #12 ---
Robdee-

Great work!

When ODL closed its US offices we were all switched to FXCM, a 5 digit broker. FXCM sent us email instructions to add variable(s) to our EA's to properly set trade params and avoid confusion in the EA community. They suggested something along these lines:

extern bool MicroPips = true;

.......

int Pips = 1;

if (MicroPips == true) Pips = 10;

theHigh = High[i]*Pips*Point; // or whatever function you need

What I did find interesting, maybe a bug, is that even though the manual interface would only allow TP and SL's 10 or more pips away, the EA was allowed to set TP and SL of less than 10 pips. As if the server didn't convert from 5 to 4 digits when parsing the incoming EA instructions. So I was able to accidentally set a 20 micropip SL instead of a 20 pip SL, and the server accepted it (and hit it )!

Good luck!

--- 帖子 #13 ---
Fxcash,

This system is optimal only on the 15min chart. All the rules and indicators inside the alerts are tailored to the 15min chart for the EU only.

FJ

--- 帖子 #14 ---
In this case, if you look at subsequent candles, atleast one of them would have breached that 12 pips marker. However it appears that only the immediate candle to signal candle changes color, not the actual candle which initiated the trade.

forexjedi / robdee,

Please correct me, if I am wrong.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #15 ---
Karun,

This system is optimal only on the 15min charts for EU only. All the indicators inside the vForceAlerts are tailored to the 15min chart. If you look at it on any other chart it may not make any sense as the alerts so not line up. Please my chart below for a recent example. If this doesnt answer your question please post your chart so I can have a better understanding.

FJ

--- 帖子 #16 ---
Thanks for the reply.

According to your initial rules for Long (Blue Candle) a 12 pip pending order is used for filters not 10 pips (Viewing your Chart). Just want to make sure I follow correctly.

On a short (Red Candle) a 10 pip pending order is used to filter is this correct?

Thank you.

--- 帖子 #17 ---
A green candle also indicates a close above a buy candle high.

A green candle also indicates a close below a sell candle low.

This provides another way to 'confirm' a signal candle.

Sometimes you will see two green candles as both the 10 pip rule and the close above rules are matched in sequence. RD

--- 帖子 #18 ---
FX,

You are correct on all counts. We want to avoid the ask line from initiating the trade which is why we set the long pending at 12 pips which triggers the order at 10 pips from the high of the candle. This is due to the spread.

FJ

--- 帖子 #19 ---
Hi FJ,

Yes I was looking at 15M EU chart only. The post above is only my observation and understanding.

I have attached the chart for reference. Hope this clears any confusion on my post.

--- 帖子 #20 ---
Thanks Robdee for the answers, i understand this sequence now.

--- 帖子 #21 ---
Karun,

Understood. It appears that the indicator did not color the 13:30 candle which is the actual candle that would have initiated the trade. Even though the candle that initiated the trade is not green it is the only candle that would have opened the pending long. This is a rare occurance. Although the trade would have still made almost 20 pips.

FJ

--- 帖子 #22 ---
No worries and I have no complaints about the trade .

I was just addressing this post by fxcash

--- 帖子 #23 ---
Thanks for posting this method.  I look forward to following very closely and hopefully becoming one day financially independent and able to trade forex for a living.

--- 帖子 #24 ---
This is, by FAR, the easiest system I have ever come across anywhere Great work!

--- 帖子 #25 ---
Thanks karun, for also clarifing my questions as well

--- 帖子 #26 ---
Para,

Its Robdee's amazing work and MT4 skills that made this system as easy as looking at three colored candles. Theres actually 8 indicators working behind the scenes generating the signals.

FJ

--- 帖子 #27 ---
Hi FJ and Robdee , thanks for the great thread , i do have a question on canceling a trade . In the attached photo , the red signal is given followed by a green indie ... the trade will have to be canceled do to the fact the price did not break 10-pips below the red candle low ,( in the green candle ).Hence four time candles have passed and trade should be canceled.... am i correct on this .... thanks in advance , buffalopip ....

--- 帖子 #28 ---
Buffalopip,

Correct! During testing it shows that if the trade does not initiate within 4 candles then end effect is a trade that produces less than 30 pips.

FJ

--- 帖子 #29 ---
I just hope this doesn't go the way of so many systems that were decent and then the creators see a way to pad their trading accounts with paid trading rooms and the like.

I really liked the spirit of the original thread and FJ put a huge amount of time into teaching people, and everyone he helped... helped others and so on and so on, it would really be a shame if it ends up that way.

Good luck. I wish you guys all the best.

--- 帖子 #30 ---
Information on user settings:

vForceSignals = True

vForceTrend + vForceADXBB + vForceVol + vForceRange

PaintSignalCandles = True

painting of signal candle bodies on the price chart

PaintConfirmCandles = True

painting of confirm candle bodies on the price chart

ConfirmPips = 10

number of pips to exceed signal candle to confirm it

ShowPriceLabels = True

print price labels at confirm/entry prices

AlertPopups = True

enable alert popup window

AlertSoundFile = "alert2.wav"

the WAV file must be located in the MT4sounds folder

AlertSoundRepeats = 3

number of WAV file play repeats after the first alert sound

ShowAlertArrows = False

print alert arrows on the price chart (default = disabled)

--- 帖子 #31 ---
Hi Forexjedi,

Your system looks very interesting. I trade the EUR 70% of the time so I'll give this a go and see what happens. So all of the filters are built into the indicator and there's no need for additional MAs or anything else to be added?

Have you optimized the indicator settings for any other pairs such as USDCHF or GBPUSD?

--- 帖子 #32 ---
Again , Great job on this thread .  One more question . Due to all the indies that are running in the back ground , is it safe to assume that you can use this on a 24-hr time frame for trading , or just during certain hours ... i read this as being used on a 24-hr period and not just the Euro or Amreican sessions ....

--- 帖子 #33 ---
To all,

I will never ask for a dime from anyone. Everything I do is with the intention of helping people and in no way will I ever charge for anything. This will always be free with no strings attached. Anyone who has been part of my 5min thread knows me this way. The vForce will work on the same principles of people helping people right here on FF for free.

FJ

--- 帖子 #34 ---
Ozzie,

Everything is all built in. The system is constantly calculating everything from trend movement to range movement. Nothing at all needs to be added. It is optimised for EU 15min only. I wouldnt try to trade anyother times or pairs. Testing is in progress for other pairs.

FJ

--- 帖子 #35 ---
buffalopip,

This system is a 24 hour system. If the market is open you can trade this system. You will find that the vForce will not generate any trades when there is no volume ect..

FJ

--- 帖子 #36 ---
FJ, Robdee

You guys have been great in helping many of us in developing our forex skills. I am a slow learner and therefore appreciate the amount of time you both take in helping people like myself by creating such a simple way of trading.

I thank you both in helping me and others achieving our goals in being successful in forex. I am looking forward to trying this very promising indicator.

I am off to the charts to try it out.

Ezzy

--- 帖子 #37 ---
I wonder how well you know Jedi and I with comments like that. If you knew us well you would know we do this because we want to give back to the community of traders. We know what it feels like to struggle for years, we're here only to help by giving fellow traders something that could make a difference in their trading career.

I can't imagine what ForexJedi and I have done to give you any doubts about our motives. RD

PS If you like what we do please rate this thread so when others search FF they can find this system.

--- 帖子 #38 ---
Ezzy,

Nice to see you here. The vForce will be a fine addition adding extra pips to your account. Dont stop trading the 5min system instead add vForce as a way to increase your pip gain along side my 5min system.

FJ

--- 帖子 #39 ---
Is there a reason why this isn't an EA yet? Or do I have to step up?

Note,

The Indicator needs to be attached to the chart!!!

The way the EA works is it looks for the arrows pointed on the chart by the indicator. Once it identifies those arrows, it can figure out where to place the trade.

In my quick testing, the EA did not always properly identify the correct arrow to use. I am still trying to work out that particular bug.

ForexJedi, if you prefer to not have an EA on this thread, let me know and Ill remove it.

[Edit: EA source code removed temporarily. Locked demo version is available.]

[Edit #2: Multiple trade-management added so the MM in the manual can be properly applied]

[Update: I am currently working with forexjedi to make sure that the EA works exactly as the system is described. I hope to release the source code by Friday at the latest.]

--- 帖子 #40 ---
Nice Work Again Mr. Jedi!

--- 帖子 #41 ---
Ronald,

I appreciate your need to help but I have a problem with this.

1. Has the EA been tested?

2. Does it meet the requirements of the MM from the PDF file?

I dont know much about EAs that territory belongs to Robdee as my mq4 skill are poor. The two of you can work on this together perhaps and send me the resluts before posting. Again I know of your reputation of being a skilled programmer but I need to make sure as poeples money is at stake. Thanks RR hope to hear from you soon.

FJ

--- 帖子 #42 ---
thank you both, forexjedi for sharing this system  and robdee for the work you dit coding all the indicators in just one , great job great system

--- 帖子 #43 ---
Trying to provide support for an EA in this thread is not desirable in my opinion. It will become a huge distraction from the simple purpose we have here. I vote for a separate thread for those interested in EA automation. RD

--- 帖子 #44 ---
What kind of winning % are we looking at? 60, 70, 80%, or more?

--- 帖子 #45 ---
Hi Jedi and Robd

Will be looking at this with great interest as the Force 5 min system (waiting for 1 pip break of signal candle top/bottom) is a superb system.

Thanks again for your efforts here and for sharing, cheers

V.

--- 帖子 #46 ---
1) Yes. I have found the EA to take the trades based on the signals it finds. The EA doesn't always find the right candle, but it knows when a candle is wrong.

2) Not entirely. I'm adding another trade mechanism right now so that there are two exit strategies allowed in the system. The end user will still have to calculate the value of each "sub trade"

I would love to fully integrate the indicator into the EA, and that would certainly save the hassle of my roundabout 'hack' to get the system automated.

--- 帖子 #47 ---
Mer,

If traded correctly the system has a 70% chance of generating 30 pip min. The average trade in testing is 95 pips over 100 trades blocks. Largest gain 255 pips. The other 30% consists of trades ranging from 5 pips to less than 30 pips. These trades are mostly on mondays and Fridays.

FJ

--- 帖子 #48 ---
R,

Thanks for the speedy reply! PM me when you are ready for some testing.

FJ

--- 帖子 #49 ---
FJ & Robdee,

Thanks for introducing this the great system. We appreciate all your hard work and help. Please keep them coming.

Kazal

--- 帖子 #50 ---
Thanks for sharing. I have two questions:

1- How do you put "10 pips marker" on the chart?

2- Re. recent long signal at 3:45am IBFX chart, why do I get a green candle after 8 bars?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #51 ---
Hi Ronald,

Here is the interface you need to use vForceAlerts as your signal generator.

if(iCustom(NULL,0,"vForceAlerts",0,0) != 0)    // BUY signals are in buffer 0

{buysignal = True; buysignaltime = Time[0];}

if(iCustom(NULL,0,"vForceAlerts",1,0) != 0)    // SELL signals are buffer 1

{sellsignal = True; sellsignaltime = Time[0];}

RobDee

--- 帖子 #52 ---
Black,

The green candle show where the market price moved 10 pips beyond the signal candle (blue candle). No trade should have been taken though as it has been more than 4 candle since the signal. In this case we will ignore the green candle and wait for the next signal. The price tags are adjutable in the indicator properties. Simply set "Show Price Label" to "true"

FJ

--- 帖子 #53 ---
Thanks Robdee.

How exactly do the buffers work? I would imagine they are set to "EMPTY_VALUE" or similar when a bar isn't painted, and then some value when they are?

If there is a version of the indicator posts to the data window that would be most appreciated.

--- 帖子 #54 ---
1- open vForceAlerts properties and make sure ShowPriceLabels = True

2- There is no limit inside the indicator for when a green confirmation candle is painted. This is so we can continue to view and develop the trade entry parameters.

The 4 candle limit for confirmation is a trading rule based on Jedi's backtesting results.

The approach here is to give the trader as many signals and confirmations as we can (without overload) it is always a balancing act between too little and too much. My preference is for as little signal filtering as possible. The trader then makes the decisions.

Hope that helps everyone understand our approach. RD

--- 帖子 #55 ---
The buffers are standard indicator arrays, one value for every candle on the chart. A nonzero value represents a signal. Index zero is the current candle.

iCustom() is the cleanest way to integrate indicators with EAs. It loads an internal copy of the indicator not seen on the chart. RD

--- 帖子 #56 ---
Thanks FJ.

Re. the trailing stop, you say " a stop 10 pips below the blue candle and a trail stop of 50 pips. Take 80% profit at 20 pips and let the rest ride till stopped out."

After we exit 80% profit at 20%, we still keep our stoploss for the rest of the position at 10 pips below the low of blue candle until current price level distances 50 pips away from initial stoploss (blue candle minus 10 pips) and then we start trailing by 50 pips. Is this correct?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #57 ---
It looks like the buffer is nonzero the bar AFTER the painted signal bar. Is that supposed to happen?

--- 帖子 #58 ---
Black,

When you set your pending also set a trail stop of 50 pips. Every single pip the market moves into profit so will your stop move a pip. So when youve taken 80% profit at 20 pips your stop would have already moved up with the market 20 pips and continue to do so. Hope this helps.

FJ

--- 帖子 #59 ---
Correct, the signal candle must close before we know it is valid. As soon as it closes then we can generate an alert. Makes sense ?

If you want to see the alert timing on your chart, then set ShowAlertArrows=True. RD

--- 帖子 #60 ---
So what your saying is "if traded correctly" you win 100% of the trades taken?

--- 帖子 #61 ---
Robdee & Forexjedi

This is exciting just as I was getting started on the 5 min you guys come up

with something better . Rob I see in the other thread you spoke of your

preference for ibfx as the MT4 server . I`m sure you have this set up to work

on any Mt4 broker yet I wonder if you tested  it on ibfx ? What about the

server time from GMT ? Make any difference ? Thanks guys !

glass

--- 帖子 #62 ---
well done boys,great job

will read the doc tomorrow,without any distractions,have a great night

--- 帖子 #63 ---
Mer,

Not exaclty, the idea is to have a good RR. You could potentially win almost all the time if your TP is 5pips or less. Its not woth it to do that when you can net many more pips than that by letting the trade ride.

As I have previously stated

"If traded correctly the system has a 70% chance of generating 30 pip min. The average trade in testing is 95 pips over 100 trades blocks. Largest gain 255 pips. The other 30% consists of trades ranging from 5 pips to less than 30 pips. These trades are mostly on mondays and Fridays."

FJ

--- 帖子 #64 ---
Glass, Not quite sure what you think the issues are here.

I can confirm that my first preference for charting is using IBFX. All our development work and testing has been done using IBFX data feed which we think is superior. I have also seen a nice data stream coming from FxPro.

Timezones have no affect on vForceAlerts, it calculates relative volume based on price action not time of day.

Hope this answers your question ? RD

--- 帖子 #65 ---
Sorry, the way you have it worded, in my opinion, comes across as saying you've basically won all your trades and they've ranged from 5 to 255 pips.

So I guess my question can be put like this. If you have made 100 trades, how many on average will be losing trades, even if it's just -1 pip?

--- 帖子 #66 ---
Mer,

10% of my trades will loose about 20 pips. The other 20% ill close at BE or with a small profit. The rest profit at least 30 pips. Hope this gets this question resolved. The factor is greed and how well you know your pair.

--- 帖子 #67 ---
FJ, sorry but it is not clear. Let's say entry price is 1.2600 and low of blue candle is at 1.2540, now initial stoploss is at 1.2530. Assuming price went up to 1.2610, am I going to move stop to 1.2540? If this is the case, we are not trailing stop of 50 pips, we are trailing stop by 70 pips.

If above is not correct and we are always going to trail the stop by 50 pips, then why do we need an initial stoploss of "low of blue candle minus 10 pips"?

I hope I could express myself clearly.

Thanks for your time.

--- 帖子 #68 ---
Hi forexJedi and robdee,

this is another good one from your staple. I am still enjoying the 5Min system and this one vforce. Even from the number of both FF members and non members viewing this thread, (we are 88 as I type this) one would know that your work is rated high

off to the charts just one week demo and it will hit LIVE charts

thanks a million time for the selflesness

kos

--- 帖子 #69 ---
Awesome FJ! we at the Force chat finally found out what u were up to all this while missing in action.

I m gonna try out this system!!

The Force family misses u badly.

--- 帖子 #70 ---
Black,

By placing the stop at the low/high of the candle +10 pips you aare giving the trade room to breath. Once the trade oves into profit then the TS will take action and move from wherever it is. Example- long signal occures (blue candle) at 2600. The low of the blue candle is 2540 like you state below plus another 10 pips make the stop -70 pips. This gives the trade room to breath if need be. Once the trade moves to say 2610 your stop will now be moved to 2560 and trail the market price by 50 pips. You can do this manually or set it in your MT4 option with a script. The idea is to have you stop 50 pips below/above the highest/lowest market price of he direction of you trade once your trade has been initiated. Only start moving your stop once your in profit. If your up 30 pips your stop should be -20 pips. At that point you would have already banked 80% at 20 pips.

FJ

--- 帖子 #71 ---
Jurn,

Now that this project is complete I will be spending more time in the chat. I hope you enjoy. Put this in your arsenal to add to your weekly pip stack. Nice to see you here. Spread the word.

FJ

--- 帖子 #72 ---
Thanks a lot FJ, it is clear now.

--- 帖子 #73 ---
My first trade on GU .. using Vforce +20 +10

http://i452.photobucket.com/albums/q...ceTrade1GU.jpg

Hoichoi

--- 帖子 #74 ---
fxj and rd - thanks for sharing your work so freely. Very generous indeed.

--- 帖子 #75 ---
Why a GU trade hoichoi

--- 帖子 #76 ---
This is my 1st vforce Sell Stop activation. Lets see where it goes!

--- 帖子 #77 ---
After all I learnt from you rob and fxjeddi Im excited to join your train again, Just downloaded and will get down to work as soon as possible. I thanks, Im sure we will all have fun in this thread

--- 帖子 #78 ---
You might want to recheck your settings. Your chart is not accurate.

--- 帖子 #79 ---
What is the error in my charts. Let me know because i cant identify it. I m using default settings.

--- 帖子 #80 ---
His/her chart is correct mate. Because that chart is exactly the same as the one FJ posted on #11.

--- 帖子 #81 ---
what you have there is entirely different from what I have here in alpari UK chart. as you can see from the attachment no trade is triggered

Pls Jedi how do we explain this.

kos

--- 帖子 #82 ---
I have IBFX as well and my chart looks like this one. I have no reason why the chart he posted from IBFX looks different than ours.

--- 帖子 #83 ---
I dont think is your fault but if Euro brake out from the bottom for about 130 pips up move and you have no signal for that then some thing is missing somewhere. Mine is like KOSOMO above and I think that should be correct

--- 帖子 #84 ---
Yes , Thanks  . No issue just that I have a choice of which feed to use as

I am switching brokers so might as well use one that is proven reliable .

--- 帖子 #85 ---
Different brokers, slightly different data (= prices), a lot of indicators involved => different signals.

--- 帖子 #86 ---
Hi All

Mine on FXDD platform looks like this, which is different. Notice the blue candle at 5.30 AM (am trading in the UK). Few pips profit.

Dedyal

--- 帖子 #87 ---
Why don't you guys create an EA for the system? In this case that is an easy task if you compare it to developing the indicator?

R

--- 帖子 #88 ---
Hey blueskies is your ibfx Live account? Coz my ibfx is demo, i use ibfx for charting analysis but trade live on fxdd.

I use ibfx for charts because Force 5 min system recommends using ibfx.

--- 帖子 #89 ---
I am live. My charts look like all the others from IBFX posted besides yours.

--- 帖子 #90 ---
wow, then i am damned..

--- 帖子 #91 ---
FJ and Robdee, this is great!, you both really amaze me by your dedication to helping others!!!

Query??

With the 50 pip trailing stop is this the standard MT4 TS?

Or is this a special script that would kick in as soon as you get 1 pip profit? (ie 50 pip TS moves 1 pip in your direction)?

Or do you just do it manually?

Many thanks

--- 帖子 #92 ---
Reason I asked original question ? This chart is forex.com , GAIN .

To clarify , I meet with a forex group weekly . We all use various

brokers and often notice how different our charts look at exactly

the same time . Rob will know if this is a problem .

--- 帖子 #93 ---
Mine looks like yours.

It's an IBFX demo.

--- 帖子 #94 ---
Thank you guys for sharing this system, it looks very promising.

About that two trades on chart, they both seems to be a looser, is there any reason why I should't take that trades?? It was australia session, should we only trade London and N.Y.sessions??

Regards,

--- 帖子 #95 ---
Some statistics from last week:22 signals, app 4 signals a day half of signals gave SL; 10 pip SL is tight and often hit (position was closed when +20 pips hit, so in reality the profit would have slightly better) totally +90 pips for the week ... but for that you need to monitor the system 24 h a day, which is simply not reasonable

So you can ask - even the system would profitable (one week is way too short a time period for reliable evaluation) - is it's perfomance good enough... as it is only adapted for one pair?

IMO all those who propose a system should provide at least two months live statistics (performance) for their system. If they can not do that, then the system is simply not published in this forum. This kind of requirement would save a lot of time from all of us. And it would also greatly decrease the amount of ad-hoc systems proposed.

--- 帖子 #96 ---
The MT4 trailing stop doesn't work as he described.

It would require a script or you would have to do it manually.

--- 帖子 #97 ---
Hi guys,

thank you very much for sharig this with us.

I just took profit on the short signal from the ibfx demo feed.

(closed with +33)

I have a question:

Currently I have no funded MT4 account. There is an empty ibfx live account I own, but I am not too happy to fund it again.

So I want to excecute orders on oanda.

Any idea how to take profit on 80% of the position on oanda and trail the remaining lot?

EDIT: Or an alternative exit strategy like 1:1 RR to keep things simple?

--- 帖子 #98 ---
It isn't a 10 pip SL. It's 10 pips from the opposite H/L of the red or blue candle.

This could be 50-70-100 pips, depending the size of the candle.

I don't agree with you about requiring a backtest before a system can be posted. If I were buying a system, I would expect that.

These systems are given out free. One doesn't place a demand on a gift.

--- 帖子 #99 ---
An urgent maintenance update is required.

I connected to an FXPro server to test all the vForceAlerts functions with 5-decimal and 3-decimal prices.

I could see calculations that were out by a factor of 10. vForceVol was ten times what it should have been so several more signals were appearing on FXPro than on the 4-decimal charts. This was an error.

If you use a 4-decimal pricing broker (like IBFX) then your vForce charts were correct. Only the 5-decimal charts were affected.

These issues are now resolved in the attached update. With this version all users now have the same ConfirmPips=10 regardless of broker decimal digits.

I have also had feedback about the price labels and have added a RightSideLabels=True/False option in user settings.

This version of vForceAlerts is V20090304

--- 帖子 #100 ---
Hi gasgas

If you read earlier in this thread, I believe that FJ makes comment about some trades that don't reach the initiat TP of 20 pips, this are usually on Mondays and Fridays. To make sure that I have not misquoted him, please read earlier posts.

Cheers

Ezzy

--- 帖子 #101 ---
vForce Short still running. +50 pips now.

Entered another short at GMT1120 with Force5 signal.

~altogether nearly +80 pips.

Awesome!  Combined with Support/Resistance and Price Action!

will continue testing vForce! Great work FJ and Robdee~ Great to be in the family.

--- 帖子 #102 ---
JEDI again amazing system...It's made me nearly +70 pips this morning...I will post the chart later because right now im off to bed...GOD BLESS MR.JEDI & ROBD!!I still can't get over this system being free!

--- 帖子 #103 ---
it is strange how your chart and mine look different, yet we both are at IBFX

see attached chart

--- 帖子 #104 ---
We are all very grateful here! God bless everyone~

--- 帖子 #105 ---
Dan,

Open 2 positions.  One for 40,000 units with tp 20, other for 10,000 units with tp 200.

Unfortunately Oanda dont do trailing stop.

--- 帖子 #106 ---
greetings robdee,

I am on alpari uk which is 5 digits, with the new update the charts now look the same, and I believe we will be taking the same signal from now. look at the attached chart

thanks for the quick work

kos

--- 帖子 #107 ---
Do we delete anything in the original tpl then add this update ? Just want

to add this correctly .

--- 帖子 #108 ---
I have tried it on both IBFX Demo and Live account and the charts looks like different, i think because the data on demo server are little different from live server.

--- 帖子 #109 ---
Hi All,

My entry on the EU was at 1.2633

see attached chart ( white arrow )

--- 帖子 #110 ---
One way would be open 2 pending orders. If you are trading 1,000 units or $ (you can do either on Oanda) open 1 order for 800 and another for 200. Set TP on 800 order for 20 pips and set sl for both according to the rules.  Only problem, Onada does not support TS I believe.

--- 帖子 #111 ---
hi forexjedi,

which is required for backtesting your EA on metatrader?

do you have it?

thanks

--- 帖子 #112 ---
these are 2 brokers 4 and 5 decimal

--- 帖子 #113 ---
Yeah, 2 seperate positions makes sense.

I guess I will trail the remainder manually then.

--- 帖子 #114 ---
For those of you that trade both systems I have created new alert sounds that say which system is giving the alert.

One says "Force 5 Signal" for the original system

and the other says "VForce Signal"

Just put these in your sounds folder and assign them to the correct charts within the options for the EA.

Enjoy.

--- 帖子 #115 ---
do you have the indicator vforce alerts in mq4? the ex4 do not work in many metatraders, and could you put the indicators and settings so we can do it manually, would be less confusing, thanks.

--- 帖子 #116 ---
I just wanted to say thanks. I came across this thread this morning. I have downloaded the vforce into my demo and will be trading this and will post results.

I have one question. since the SL is tight, the take profit is tight. If I want to trigger the buy or sell at exactly the 10 pips past signal are we subtracting or adding for the spread? If I want to sell at 1.2670 per signal will i set a sell stop for 1.2672 to make up for spread?

thank you. It does look very promising.

Bully

--- 帖子 #117 ---
Update on GU pairs

+70

http://i452.photobucket.com/albums/q...ceTrade2GU.jpg

--- 帖子 #118 ---
hoichi, nice to know the system also worked on GU. I think the originators said they were testing on other pairs, but recommend it only for EU.

--- 帖子 #119 ---
Good day Mr. vForce...

I put your indicator on my chart and needless to say you have too many indicators built into one indicator which causes LAG which in the end causes it to perform poorly... why so many people think they need a gazillion indicators to confirm a trend is beyond me.  Your new creation is worthless sorry to say it gets you in near the top and bottom - useless!!!  please see picture that illistrates that...

Let vForce be with you, or should I say against you! LOL!

Star Wars...

--- 帖子 #120 ---
Would you like to share with us what exactly you use? You are welcome to start your own thread. Thank you very much for your contribution to this thread though.

--- 帖子 #121 ---
Besides the addition of the right side labels extern, how can you tell what version you have?  I don't see version numbers listed anywhere.

--- 帖子 #122 ---
Are you using consistently on GU by add +20pip?

--- 帖子 #123 ---
I want to ask you, do you have a better system compare with this system?

Just looking i interestedly to know are there any system you have built with more profitable?

--- 帖子 #124 ---
From my understanding we are not trying to get in early, picking bottoms/tops, and ride the trend, but instead wait for momentum and volume to build up and then get in for small pips.

Edit: Looks like you are using Fib retracement for for your entry.

TimeFreedom

--- 帖子 #125 ---
I backtested this system for January.

It produced 980 pips on winning trades and it lost 1770 pips on losing trades, so it lost 790 pips altogether.

I think I've never seen a system before that performed so horribly

--- 帖子 #126 ---
I have to say, i started with this yesterday. So far it has shown only two trades. One last night, and one this morning. I missed last night, and grabbed 11 pips this morning. I run this on FX PRO. 5 digit. It seems that others get a lot more signals. Could that be a problem with the 5 digits? I will do the update, and see. So far this system does not show enough trades to me. A lot of missed trades though.

--- 帖子 #127 ---
im using with fxpro too

got 2 signals today in 4 hours

not sure if this is alright

btw. you have to change indicator setting

confirmpip from 10 to 100

--- 帖子 #128 ---
I have changed the confirm pips to 100 on FXPRO. I don't see how that could impact the signal for the trade.

--- 帖子 #129 ---
Probably you may want to update the zip file in the #1 post with this one.

--- 帖子 #130 ---
Try updating the indicator from this post . He has updated the indicator for 4 and 5 decimal brokers

--- 帖子 #131 ---
BIG thank to FJ and Robdee..

Will demoing on ibfx and fxpro first...and update your if any...

--- 帖子 #132 ---
hi FJ..thanks for the indicator..currently still backtesting it and all +++pips..

just wanna ask if u have other version of VFORCE that can be use on other major pair..??Glad if u can share it..

Once again..thanks bro..

--- 帖子 #133 ---
Can you tell please where i can find such a script ?

--- 帖子 #134 ---
I have the IBFX platform. Do i need the original or updated version?

Just got a sell signal and got 19 pips. The same trade is now +24 pips. There is good use for this as long as it is consistent.

I think the hard work that went into this should be respected by those even if it isnt for you. Maybe it could even be improved upon, but i think they have the best of intentions here. Lets see how it does before being negative.

Bully

ps. it seems like this ea should be able to be automated, possibly scaling out profits @ 10 pips-20 pips and moving stop loss up once 1st TP is met. just an idea....

--- 帖子 #135 ---
hi forexjedi and robdee, jz dropping by to show my appreciation for your work with force 5 min n vForce. your work is truly amazing. using it with the understanding of SR levels and PA yields desirable results.

thx also to jurn e for introducing me to the force. i hope i can contribute back in the future to the force members.

happy trading to all !

--- 帖子 #136 ---
Since you guys have been less visible in the chat and on the forum I thought you two had taken the millions you made from the original Force and skipped off together on some world-wide pub crawl!

I never thought I would ever try another system besides the Force but with the succes I've had with the Force there is NO WAY I was going to miss out on this!  I'm 1 for 1 so far with it and can't wait to try it again.

Anyway, thanks guys for all the work you've done.  The fact that you guys would go to all this trouble to help other people without expecting anything in return says mountains about what you two are made of.  The world needs more FJ's and Robdee's.....

Thanks guys!

TTMarto

--- 帖子 #137 ---
Hi, thank you for your efforts here. Just a question about 5 dec brokers.

I loaded the new file and noticed it has a 10pip conf setting is this ok or does this need ammendig to 100 (inview of it being 5dec) or is it set to 10 and takes into consideration the 5dec.

2nd question relates to a prev post about success of the system over 100 blocks of trades.

The statement read that 70% winners and 20% loseses of 10pips (i think ) but my stop loss was close to 70pips so assuming a number of trades are stopped out surley the losses would be higher unless clossed early

thanks for your help

--- 帖子 #138 ---
Hadn't heard of this guy before, so I checked his name and see he has about 148 posts since June of 08. Most all of the ones I read having a sarcastic and superior tone. Questions asked of him met in derisive tones. Claims to be making a few hundred pips here, and a few hundred there. What surprises me is that someone contending to be such an expert in forex and making all these pips would bother with checking out and dissing other threads. If I were making 200 pips a day consistently, I would have more money than I knew what to do with, and certainly wouldn't be making smarta** comments on someone else's thread. The people who started this thread are nice people, who have taken the time to answer questions in a nice manner, without making them feel stupid. They realize that, perhaps unlike you, regular people simply don't have the time to spend 24/5 reading threads. They have given, for free, what they could start a website with and make good money, and all they want in return is success. But, people like you come along and want to spoil things. To cast doubt on things. To claim you know better. Yet there's no thread by you. You post your gains, but not your losses. You only give sarcasm to those only interested in learning and making some money. Hopefully, you won't post here anymore.

--- 帖子 #139 ---
As a followup to my last post, the very first signal that I could have taken this morning had I been here and not eating breakfast is a short that is currently up 49 points. What a lousy system, huh??

--- 帖子 #140 ---
closed+ 52 pip

thanks

--- 帖子 #141 ---
This is because of different data feeds. A call to your broker for an explanation on this will clear things up

FJ

--- 帖子 #142 ---
Agreed with every words and thanx for  FJ's and Robdee's again and again

--- 帖子 #143 ---
wallst,

Nice to see you here. I going to ask that while posting here with vForce trades you use achart with only the templates provided in post 1. This helps traders not get confused by foreign charts with a mess of indicators not part of the system. This system already has 8 indicators build in. Theres not need for anymore.

FJ

--- 帖子 #144 ---
Why would you come on my thread to post a negative comment like this? What is wrong with you? Dont come back here. This system made me 2640 pips in February.

FJ

--- 帖子 #145 ---
If you have results like this you did not follow the MM rules. Dont post this crap here again. Where do you people come from posting this stuff? Where is your system? How can you backtest this system without the source code? Explain that! Get of my thread.

FJ

--- 帖子 #146 ---
forexjedi, good going on telling those naysayers to get off your thread. No koolaid drinker here, but those kind of negative people who don't have a clue what they're talking about will spoil the thread for all. Have seen it happen time and time again. Hopefully, you'll go one step further and eliminate them from even being able to post.

--- 帖子 #147 ---
Soeasy,

Did you read the PDF docement? The SL is not 10pips is 10 pips above/below the signal candle. Its clear you have no idea what your talking about. How can you tell the indicators a lagging when you cant even see them? Its celar your just here to be an idiot like others ive already grilled comming here posting outragious comments. Im here to help people and you retards are comming here causing trouble for no reason. Big deal you would have gotten in at the bottom! That is probably your only profitable trade this year. Your the one thats worthless buddy.

This comment is to anyone that wants to come here and cause trouble. Dont bother as I will hunt you down and call you out to prove yourself and discredit you. This is a thread of learning and theres no place for this here.

FJ

--- 帖子 #148 ---
FJ I for one want to say Thank You and it's people like you who make FF what it is today. Try to relax, breath deeply lol. This is a public forum and the kooks will try and cause trouble where they can. Thanks again and have a nice day.

--- 帖子 #149 ---
Hi FJ,

I was also curiuous,I heard mention of another force product. Is it also available for download.

Much thanks

bully

--- 帖子 #150 ---
Nice short trade in the NY AM session giving a solid 60 pips.

--- 帖子 #151 ---
I'm just sad no one said if the sound alerts were ok or not   I HATE YOU ALL! lol

--- 帖子 #152 ---
I have found that Ibfx different servers can give different feeds.

Example ibfx demo account server can give less signal than using ibfx metals server.

--- 帖子 #153 ---
Greatest sound alerts ever produced. there the shiznit. Thanks

--- 帖子 #154 ---
Whats up everyone. =-]

On fxdd LIVE i am getting a signal to get ready on E/U right now. Lets see what happened's.

--- 帖子 #155 ---
FJ, i think vForce is good for adding position.

Example: Force 5 gave Short signal at 1400, entry would be somewhere 1.2630. While vForce Short signal came at 1.2591. So i reckon vForce good for adding position and pips. We used to ask u how u readd your position, i think now instead of looking at trendline bounces , we can try using vForce. well, just my opinion.

"As Vantage said, when vforce signale is given, we should be already in position with 5 min force."

--- 帖子 #156 ---
Hi FJ,

Just trying to learn here. That price action was up and down there. What criteria did you use to exit @ 60 pips..

much thanks

bully

--- 帖子 #157 ---
with a 50 T SP?

--- 帖子 #158 ---
Jurn,

lol... Your getting the idea but lets keep the two systems seperated. If want to start a thread with the two combined I will be there to help you support it.

FJ

--- 帖子 #159 ---
What indicator is that you have on your charts that is giving you the pivot points and high and low of the previuos day?

--- 帖子 #160 ---
Very good question.

I took that trade, followed all the rules (i think) and made +20 pips.

Perhaps I don't understand something.

--- 帖子 #161 ---
Bill,

I am simply stating that the trade had produced actually 71 pips but a solid 60 pips. I closed at 60 pips because I felt that was enough for me for this trade. Just because theres a TS of 50 pips doesnt mean you need to let it run in that fashion. It all depends on your goals ect....

FJ

--- 帖子 #162 ---
I have been tryin to check around because its been difficult to get any answers here. Is there still a force 5 chat room?

Much thanks

bully

--- 帖子 #163 ---
Bulls,

There is. Go to the thread and you will find the link there. Its a great learning environment and I have mentored many people that chat there.

FJ

--- 帖子 #164 ---
I may have missed this and if so, I'm sorry for asking again.  I'm currently at work so don't have the freedom to read the entire thread right now.  On the trade that was just posted, you entered short.  Your intial stop was 10 pips above the high of the red candle.  Price moves in your favor and you close 80% at +20 pips.  At that point, do you move your trailing stop loss to b/e and trail it 50 pips from that point or do you keep it at the orginal spot which was 10 pips above the high of the red candle?  If using a 50 pip t/s even after closing 80% at +20, we still can have the last 20% close out negative if price retraces before going down 50 pips to create a new stop level for us.  Is that correct?  Sorry if I made this more confusing than what it is.

--- 帖子 #165 ---
Sorry sorry FJ. Wasn't my intention to talk about the other system here. From now on, everything would be vForce here. Well, i m just too excited with this vForce, thats for sure.

Below is my chart and my friend's chart. My chart is definitely different from his. Finding a solution and whether to change or not.

--- 帖子 #166 ---
Sioul,

On the trade posted above you would have still made profit on the last 20% with a 50 pips trail once in profit. That trade made a 71 pip move so a trail stop of 50 pips into profit would have closed the last bit out at around 21 pips if you stuck to your guns the entire trade.

FJ

--- 帖子 #167 ---
I have made a short URL for this system to link to the 5m chat server.

(This is also the room of "The Force 5m" chat room)

CHAT URL:

http://vforce.tk/

--- 帖子 #168 ---
I have IBFX demo and I have the same chart as you.  I had that first short also on my chart and FJ did not have it on his.  Hey, it was a winner so, we can't really complain too much.  I think that's just the nature of the beast.  Different servers, feeds, platforms and brokers will give off different results.  As long as it's not too drastically different, I think it's something that we will just have to live with.

--- 帖子 #169 ---
Here they are:

--- 帖子 #170 ---
Okay, thanks for clearning that up for me.  Thanks to you and Robdee for helping out so much and especially for the greatest price of all....FREE!  For the first time in 3 1/2 years of trading since I started forex, I feel like my dream of trading for a living may be able to be a reality.

--- 帖子 #171 ---
DV,

Thank for your assistance! I just want to make it known that I would like to keep the two systems seperated in their respective threads though. Good trading to all.

FJ

--- 帖子 #172 ---
Thank you very much.

--- 帖子 #173 ---
I don't view many threads but when I have, I don't think I've ever seen 100 people viewing at one time.  Shows the amount of respect people have for FJ and Robdee and what they are doing.

--- 帖子 #174 ---
Hey Siuol. Thanks, well i guess you are right! I will stick to my charts. Anyway i will also take vForce trades based on S/R levels, at my discretion. Safer for me that way, instead of taking every single signal.

P.S. : i did take that 1st vForce short, got me more than 10 pips.

--- 帖子 #175 ---
BenQ - good question. Look in the Experts tab of the terminal window for status messages printed there during indicator load and every candle after that. Enjoy. RD

--- 帖子 #176 ---
samer, make sure you have the updated indicator from post 101 which correctly handles the calculations for both 4 decimal and 5 decimal pricing.

vForceAlerts V20090304
http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...&postcount=101

--- 帖子 #177 ---
Glass, just replace the old vForceAlerts.ex4 file with the new one. TPL files do not change. RD

vForceAlerts latest version in post 101
http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...&postcount=101

--- 帖子 #178 ---
On the average, how often does this signal a trade? It would appear that the trades are few and far between. I understand that the more volitility, maybe the more trade signals, but looking at my charts, i see a lot of places that look like a signal should be there. I do draw in my S&R lines, and those seem to be of no use with this.

--- 帖子 #179 ---
I have never posted a snapshot, so could someone tell me how i post one here?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #180 ---
2 options:

1: U can attach it ( When replying hit Attachments on the middle top of the reply area.

2: Or you can upload the screen to a image service like tinypic or what not and just put the link here using the "Insert Image" button

--- 帖子 #181 ---
R Richards,

You will get about 1 to 3 trades a day. The indicators built into the vForceSignals handle everything. We want to stay away from overtrading. Let vForce do the work for you. Sometimes it will miss a trade. This happens but dont fret becuase theres always another just around the corner. The aim is profit and not to overtrade. Theres no need for extra indicators as I believe Rob and I have all the bases covered with the built in indicators.

FJ

--- 帖子 #182 ---
Thanks fj,

I got the link and hope to see u there. Just what the doctor ordered.

thank you

bulls

--- 帖子 #183 ---
could you post the original indicators and settings so we can do it manually?

--- 帖子 #184 ---
Any chance vForceSignals can manage my trade also?

Also is the file on page one the updated version?

thx,

todd

--- 帖子 #185 ---
Based on the rules we would delete our recent BuyStop order, because it wasn't triggered within 4 bars.

TimeFreedom

--- 帖子 #186 ---
Time,

Correct, as you can see the 10 pip tag filter did its job. From experience if the trade has no intitated after 4 candles delete the peding as it will not lead to any worhtwhile profit.

FJ

--- 帖子 #187 ---
Blanca,

The indicators will not be release in order to protect the intergrity of the system. They are all listed in the PDF on post 1. If youd like you can bring up your chart and experiment but please dont post your findings here. This thread is in stage 1 of a three stage launch process that is designed to get traders confident in the system without changing antyhing. 90% of a systems success is based on the trader. If I releasse the indicators and theyre setting I know that people will change the settings with the thought it would be more profitable but in fact be corrupting the systems integrity. Im basically saving the trader from self sabatoge and teaching confidence.

FJ

--- 帖子 #188 ---
What about this entries ?...Do you take all signals(If yes how MM can help here ?)... ?Any suggestions ? Thanks.

--- 帖子 #189 ---
I respect if you dont want to share your indicators and settings, the reason i asked them is because there is already  a lot of confusion with the signals, each one has different signals and price feed in their brokers, so the only way to make everybody see the same thing is manual trading.

--- 帖子 #190 ---
Yes, my concern also!! Risk/reward ratio can be sometimes pretty bad, S/L can be over 50pips sometimes and will not be so easy to recover.

I guess BE after 10pips would save you from first trade...I thinking, bigger the S/L, tighter the BE...will look more into it

--- 帖子 #191 ---
A maximum stoploss would be ideal to keep the Risk:Reward ratio in check...

--- 帖子 #192 ---
Wlfx,

Trade one did produce a valid signal. At the same time it formed a double top. A double top is a reveral pattern. One should and could have closed the trade seeing this pattern. Trade 2 produced a 137 pips short so one would ask themself why they would long when they are in a prifitable short position. Please see my chart below. These are things that an EA cannot do!

FJ

--- 帖子 #193 ---
Gas,

One should not be concerned with risk reward. RR is something one needs when using an EA or something like that. You can ease your RR worries by knowing the system has a 70% chance of making 30 pips. If you know your PA the RR is not a problem when mixed with the reliability of the system. My RR is based on the bigger picture of the reliabiliy of the system not on 1 trade at a time. Hope this helps.

FJ

--- 帖子 #194 ---
It is good seeing a number of charts being posted to the thread, I hope this continues, I'm a visual learner so I like charts.

I have noticed that sometimes people load very wide chart images into their posts. This creates a problem because it stretches the thread view wider and wider. This has not yet happened in this thread, but it could, so please take note.

The solution is this, do not link large images directly into your posts.

Instead, always use the [Attachments] button in the post editor to upload images directly from your PC. This will create a nice thumbnail of those massive screenshots. If viewers then want to see more detail they click on the thumbnail.

This means that uploading to an image host like tinypic.com is not necessary and not desirable for the readability of this thread.

MT4 Tip

Right-click the chart, use the Save As Picture... to create GIF files.

--- 帖子 #195 ---
I agree with you, PA still tells it all. One must remember to not enter without looking at what is going on. A DT like that is a good sign that prices will fall, so that was a trade that one could have exited early. As for the second trade, I agree with you...if one is already positive, why try and go in the opposite direction.  It's easier said than done right now compared to when it's happening live but remember we must not be greedy and try to take every single trade that shows up.  We still must consider what patterns are forming and what PA is saying.

--- 帖子 #196 ---
Something that helps me with my exits are Fib Extensions. In the last short we had we can see the price retracing to the 76.4 fib, dropping like a rock, and then making a dead stop at the 61.8 fib extension (Hello!! Exit here!!) then proceed to head up significantly.

The second pic already shows a retrace to the 50 fib, so will have to see how far it'll go if our long gets triggered.

--- 帖子 #197 ---
Thank you for your reply FJ...Sorry me you'r right about trade 1...(just do not notice DT). But i do not understand how you make 137pips move down...Entry was at 1.2817 and goes to 1.2757(40pip move) don't you take any actions ????For example move SL to BE or even into +10zone ??? If though price then pulls back into 1.2830...You did nothing and let it go ?Risk already gained 40 pips ? How you were sure that price will go deeper ? Thank you.

--- 帖子 #198 ---
That 61.8 fib just happened to be the DS1 also.

todd

--- 帖子 #199 ---
Point taken...thanks

Regards,

--- 帖子 #200 ---
Thanks for the replies. Another question. As per your rules: take 80% profit at 20 pips, then you are saying use 3 lots, or ?

--- 帖子 #201 ---
I saved both the indicator and template respectively, but when I try to load the template on my chart my alpari plartform crashes, Any clue to why this crash occurs? Please

--- 帖子 #202 ---
Also, once in the trade, and you have taken your 80% off the table, do you just let it run with the trail stop until it gets stopped out? Or pull the trade at a solid support? Just wondering

Managing the trade seems the more likely treatment.

--- 帖子 #203 ---
Hi forexjedi..

I agree with you 100% please don't release your indicators and settings. The only thing that will do is confuse everyone because zillions of people will change and add and delete things and then post them. All you have to do is look at some other well known threads on this forum and you will see what happens to them as people try to reinvent your system. I can't tell you how many 200-500 page threads I've read through and was even more confused after I had finished. Let's keep this simple and stick to your 3 stage implementation plan.

PS - To all of the EA people out there - if you want to discuss and build an EA can you please start another thread and not clutter up this one with that discussion. I find that it just distracts form the main topic of the thread.

--- 帖子 #204 ---
If your trading 0.10 lots then you will close 0.08 lots at 20 pips profit and the remaining 0.02 lots you will allow to ride with a 50 pip trailing stop.

TimeFreedom

--- 帖子 #205 ---
Not all brokers allow this. I have one that does, and one that doesn't.

--- 帖子 #206 ---
Hi R Richards...

The answer to your questions is "it depends" on what type of trader you are! If you're a person looking for the big home run trade and you don't mind getting stopped out 9 outta 10 times as long as you get that one big home run trade than you will leave the trade run until you get your hone run or it is stopped out.

If you are a person who can't stand watching as your 40-50-60 pip trade falls back to your break even position then you would take profits before that happens. Forexjedi has already stated that 70% of these trades will result in a 30 pip win. So in my mind if I am playing the odds I'm going to close at least part of my trade at 30 pips.

I've done both and I know which type of trader I am, do you know what type of trader you are?

Again, alot of this depends on where the nearest Support & Resistance levels are located in relationship to where the current price is. Remember - Buyers buy at support and sellers sell at resistance.

--- 帖子 #207 ---
Thanks OZ

--- 帖子 #208 ---
hi all

well im the 1st to say i cant get this to work,i cant even get to save the indicator properly to my document box,i have it there then press extract all and it says its empty

is there a different place to save it ,so i can decompress it,i am hopeless with computers

thanks john

--- 帖子 #209 ---
OzzieDave, Thanks for your post. I agree 100% with your comments.

All the feedback from fellow traders and many interesting posts in this forum are thrilling, especially after all the work we have put into this. This is a truly great project to be involved in.

I am a programmer and an educator. I develop indicators and EAs. I manage all my trades with EAs. Given my interest and skills in you might be surprised that I don't want automation in this thread. As I said before...

"Trying to develop or provide support for automation in this thread is not desirable in my opinion. It will become a huge distraction from the simple purpose we have here. I vote for a separate thread for those interested in EA automation."

The simple purpose of this thread is to learn what ForexJedi has already developed. He knows with certainty that vForce is profitable or he wouldn't have released it. This means that our focus here is coming to a full understanding of how ForexJedi uses vForce. We show our respect for his work and learn to become profitable a lot faster not by attempting to re-invent his creation but by focusing on what he says.

This is a unique and fun journey together. Keep those posts rollin' in. Please vote for this thread so we can get as many ratings as possible. This is a revolution - the Jedi way! RD

ForexJedi your system is the Genius of Simplicity

--- 帖子 #210 ---
True. No EA plz.

--- 帖子 #211 ---
WLFX,

I took 80% at +20. I was not sure the price would go deeper its a risk but it paid off. The system has a 70% chance of 30 pips. Thus I take 80% at 20 pips and let the rest ride. Please make sure you read all the posts on the thread to stay caught up.

FJ

--- 帖子 #212 ---
R,

Never risk more than 1% on any trade. Take 1% of your equity and risk that. but dont go over 1%. The calculation is as follows. equity * 1% / pips at risk = lot size. Do your best to close as much as 80% at 20 pips.

FJ

--- 帖子 #213 ---
des,

Let me help you with this but first who si your broker. I assume your using MT4? Did you read the end of the PDF file on post 1?

FJ

--- 帖子 #214 ---
i downloaded interbank and iread the pdf file

sorry for this i have just worked this out ,i feel so bumb  sorry

--- 帖子 #215 ---
Thank you very much for all the work put to develop this. It's really appreciated!

One question, though. Forexjedi, I know you were using InterbankFX for the statistics/testing, and I've compared your charts to mine (I use InterbankFX standard Demo account, the one with 12 FX pairs). Still, there seems to be some slight differences in the position of the red/blue candles, which could  skew the final results.

I've backtested and found that this could have a certain heavy bearing. I could try to know more, but since the indicator is locked (rightfully so), I'm not sure how it works in depth.

So, if it's no inconvenience, I'd like to know if... based on your testing, the change of data feed will interfere too much in the final result. And also, specifically which data feed are you using (to try and replicate the same results, if needed)?

Thanks again for the attention. Cheers!

--- 帖子 #216 ---
Lazy,

I have several accounts with different broker and I use a IBFX demo for all my charts, testing and trade signals. IBFX is my main hub for everything. Hope this helps.

FJ

--- 帖子 #217 ---
Traders,

Rob and I would like to know how were doing and what people think of the system. We would appreciate it if people can rate our thread or vouch for us. To rate the thread is easy. There is a rating system in the top right hand corner of the thread were the page numbers are displayed. This will give us a true idea of what people think.

FJ

--- 帖子 #218 ---
I thought I'd try out the system on GBPUSD and I had 2 trades that were both positive. I typically use support & resistance to judge my entries. The green lines are the S&R levels and the purple circles are the 2 trades I took. Both trades were against the long term trend so you "typically" wouldn't expect either trade to run for hundreds of pips.

Just a word of caution that no system/methodology should be traded blindly just because it produces a signal. You must evaluate/analyze the current price and determine if you think there are enough factors in your favour before you press the trade button.

--- 帖子 #219 ---
Ozzie,

I have had positive results also when testing this pair. WhenI feel satisfied with the results ill start supporting it here. In the mean time if anyone is going to trade outisde pairs do so at your own risk as I cant guarantee any long term positive results at the moment. Since the GU is more volatile the settings and TP ect.. must be different I suspect. Ill keep everyone updated and thanks for posting your results Ozzie.

FJ

--- 帖子 #220 ---
Just wanting someone to look at this to see if i am seeing it right. This appears to be a failed trade, because the Trailing stop never got hit, and so price continued down to hit the Stop Loss. I would have pulled it sooner to stop the bleeding though. Just wanting to clarify what i am seeing. Failed trades do happen, it's part of the game.

--- 帖子 #221 ---
A chart below showing todays trades is now available. 2 trades.

--- 帖子 #222 ---
Ozzie, could you post the S&R indicator you use? Thanks.

--- 帖子 #223 ---
Looks like you guys did another awesome job!  I'm going to check it out this weekend. Now are you guys trading this along with the 5 min. Force system?

It's great to have two guys that know as much as the two of you do that have the desire to help people.  More of this type of behavior and it would be a better world for us all.

Simple

--- 帖子 #224 ---
R Richards,

The entry on this trade would have been 1.2603 as per the 10 pip tag rule/filter. The trade would have produced 29 pips. Take profit of 80% at 20 pips as per the rules! Even if the remainder would have been stopped out you would have still made profit. PLease remember to follow the rules as I created them for this exact reason. Please see my chart below.

FJ

--- 帖子 #225 ---
Hey Rob D  and ForexJedi  !!!

Thanks for all of your effort absolutely outstanding! This blows away all the crap that is being flogged out in the marketplace so to speak. :-)

Very,Very,Very  simple to understand and use.

HAHA 50 pips for me today. BRILLIANT !

I have voted for you on this thread and would vouch for you but I still need to earn my 4 vouches (i Believe) to vouch for others.

I will be keeping close tabs on this thread and again AWESOME WORK GUYS

Bluesteele

--- 帖子 #226 ---
hi all

just want to know is this right and we are in a trade

--- 帖子 #227 ---
Des,

We are in a trade lets keep a close eye on it and give it time to do its thing! Lets see what happens.

FJ

--- 帖子 #228 ---
Very CRISP system and clean entry rules.

You guys did a lot of work in creating this, great job.

One question.

Are the floating REd & BLUE price tags the actual entry point for Long and Short trades with 10 & 12 pip filter figured in?

The short markers seems to be exactly at 10 pips the long seems to also be at 10 pips. That is why I ask.

--- 帖子 #229 ---
Anyone in the trade that started a few minutes ago? The risk to reward is absolutely grotesque. I took it just as a demo.  OOPS sorry, as i posted, the site updated, and i saw the new posts.

--- 帖子 #230 ---
Is there anyone who can provide ninja plate form template

--- 帖子 #231 ---
Rast,

The tags show the 10 pips distance from the painted signal candle. Your entry will be based on the bid price.

FJ

--- 帖子 #232 ---
You know your risk, but you cannot know your reward since we don't know where the remaining 20% of the position will be exited.

--- 帖子 #233 ---
R,

It is ok to take the trade at 1% risk with the calculation I posted to you earlier. I am in this trade. I will watch it closely. It may take some time but the end effect is usually profit.

FJ

--- 帖子 #234 ---
no offense but 1 more indicator type system and people flock to it like bee's to honey trading should be so easy

--- 帖子 #235 ---
I allways have a target in mind, no matter what system i am using. It may be shorter than where we would end up, but at least i know i am positive.

--- 帖子 #236 ---
This question seems to have been lost in the frenzy.

Being new to this, I do not understand the thinking process on this one either.

For us newbies sake, please explain.

--- 帖子 #237 ---
Hi paradoxical,

I draw my S&R manually, no indicator needed. If you do need an indicator this one is ok to use.

--- 帖子 #238 ---
Hi FJ...

I'll stick to posting the EUR trades until you have completed your testing. I usually trade EUR about 70% of the time anyway.

--- 帖子 #239 ---
Just to said thank you very much guys, great job. Yesterday I've finished to read the whole thread of "The Force 5min system". It took to me two weeks to read all 159 pages coz english isn't my language. It was very hard for me to understand all details. I very appreciate your great job. I'm very excited to find your "vForce".

God bless you FJ and Robdee

--- 帖子 #240 ---
Can someone tell me after how many bars the signal would be considered invalid if the 10 pips level is not broken?

Tks in advance for any response.

Harry

--- 帖子 #241 ---
The support and resistance file cannot be loaded.

Please check and resent again.

P/S: What your opinion about this system?

thanks

--- 帖子 #242 ---
The indicator link seems to be working fine. You just have to paste the indicator into the indicator file on your MT4 platform.

At this point I don't have a strong opinion one way or the other.

At a glance the system seems to be well thought out and easy to follow. If FJ's testing is correct you should be able to make 20-30 pips on 70% of the signals if you follow his instructions. As long as you don't lose more money on the other 30% of your trades it should give you a positive edge.

--- 帖子 #243 ---
dave dave dave thought you new better than to get involved with this stuff lol

--- 帖子 #244 ---
Harold4x,

Thanks for stopping by! How are you enjoying the system?

FJ

--- 帖子 #245 ---
your kidding right? another indicator type system that draws all the flys to the honey only to find out .........

--- 帖子 #246 ---
H,

What is it your trying to say exactly?

FJ

--- 帖子 #247 ---
do you think this system will last based on the money management and relying on this indicator

--- 帖子 #248 ---
Hi Forexjedi,

Thanks for sharing your great system.

Could you pls explain why the indicator give different signal on different broker? Is this normal?

The first picture is from my live account, the second is demo. Each on different broker

Cheers

--- 帖子 #249 ---
Those bars don't look exactly the same...

--- 帖子 #250 ---
Newbie here, but knew that was an obvious mistake soon as I saw it.

Another poster earlier posed a question that was not answered. I also expressed a desire for an answer to that question.

If you do not wish to answer that question, I will politely move along.

Thank you so much.

--- 帖子 #251 ---
Harold,

Ill be honest an say that I do. I know your a good trader so I can respect that. What your doing is cutting up something youve never tried. I dont understand why you being someone who is a leader on this site is here bashing my work. Im trying to teach people something about the Forex Market. You are judging a book by its cover. I know how indicator systems can be, thats why I created one to help people. This isnt just a take every signal fly by the seat of your pants system. Theres more things involved such as price action and so on. Im trying to train peoples eyes to see profitable patterns that bring in the pips. Eventually a trader will know them just by looking at them. This is how I was taught and this is how I will teach. For some reason this system is getting some negitave reaction from a few people so I ask whats the deal and why do you go out of your way to act in this fashion? Im asking you Harold why do you care to write these things? Why not just move on and leave the thread alone without posting these comments? Do you stop by every thread and do this? Whats your logic please.

FJ

--- 帖子 #252 ---
You are here begging for peoples vouchers and you ask someone you supposedly respect what he thinks of your system.

He tells you and you moan and tell him to move along.

Totally at a loss. Obvious you boys don't.....nevermind

--- 帖子 #253 ---
Even the good traders are afraid when there is actually something that may help traders win. They fear because it took them so long to learn. I understand that, but at the same time, as modern technology, and education methods continue to improve, so will the amount of good traders. There is plenty to go around, so don't worry Harold.

--- 帖子 #254 ---
Red,

Wrong I asked him if he is enjoying the system. The votes tell me if people like it. This is crazy. I asked him to explain why his only three posts are bashing my system. That is all. You wanna finish that sentence below?

--- 帖子 #255 ---
Forexjedi,

Since the indi gives different signal on different broker, could you pls tell me which broker you are using to optimize your system?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #256 ---
Jidonk,

Althoug I have a few different borkers I use a IBFX demo account for all my signals as I find they are superior to most. Hope this helps.

FJ

--- 帖子 #257 ---
listen i was not bashing but asking a question i will leave you alone dont worry, the thing is your first post shows you take 8 indicators and rap them into 1 alert when it turns red sell blue buy ( remember easy4x for $3000) no indicator only type system will carry you to full time trading i see no where about teaching them to read a chart price action or proper money management every day a new revalation seems to appear thats all i meant by any of my posts i will now sail off into the sunset good trading

--- 帖子 #258 ---
Hi FJ Robdee, I voted 5 stars for this thread.

...as we knew that no system is perfect, and trader self mindset is more important as one might loss but another will win with exactly the same system... (although the instruction for this vForce was already very clear)..

...For some.... pls be more Constructive, Not Destructive....

--- 帖子 #259 ---
Harold,

Its best you move on then because you clearly have not read the entire thread. Thanks for stopping by

FJ

--- 帖子 #260 ---
Not quite right. The trade would have produced (80% of 20) pips = 16 pips, if the last 20% is stopped at BE. If you let the last 20% to run to SL (it would have been round 1.2575, -28 from the entry), then the loss would have been (20% of -28) = -6 pips, so the total pips would have been +10.

R

--- 帖子 #261 ---
hi, forexjedi i am using the interbankforex-metals server and found out that the signal arent the same with other servers of IBfx. may i know what server did u use to program this ?

btw, after reading the posts in this forum i know that your intentions are very genuine that is to teach traders to able to read PA together with your system signals. i believe that without the knowledge to read PA, using any profitable system will prove disastrous. i trade by reading PA and your system really complements it. keep it up !

--- 帖子 #262 ---
Roc,

Just to be sure did I select the correct trade for review? On my charts the trade I selected showed the results I mentioned below. Also who is your broker? Is your account standard ect..

FJ

--- 帖子 #263 ---
I personally wouldn't have taken the most recent short tagged at 1.2461.......The ws1 is sitting at 1.2452

Pivot points are something everyone should be keeping an eye on imo.

--- 帖子 #264 ---
Todd,

Good point. When I release the advanced version of the system it will have these things involved. This basic stage of the system is to get traders used to the idea of the indicator. I plan to do a three part launch like I did with my 5min system. Also keep in mind that this trade isnt over yet. It could take some time for this trade to develope.

FJ

--- 帖子 #265 ---
I used your chart. It is obvious that if trade range is 29 pips, you can not get all of it using the rules.

R

--- 帖子 #266 ---
Thanks to all traders like LP who take the time to write intelligently and express your appreciation. This is like rocket fuel for my motivation.

LP thanks for writing clearly about this issue. This is issue number one on my agenda. That is, why are we getting variances between the different brokers? We're even getting differences on the same broker (but perhaps different server feeds). I can see this is a much broader issue than the 5-decimal calculations which I have already resolved in the maintenance update.

We all know that different data feeds can vary by a few pips here and there. Can a few pips plus or minus make that much difference to vForce? First impression is yes it does - but why? That is what I am looking into as my top priority. RD

Note: For those who may want to duplicate exactly the MT4 platform and IBFX data feed I use for development and charting I have the instructions in this post 2078 in the Force 5 thread. In my experience the IBFX data feed is very good, superior to my own broker.
http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...postcount=2078

--- 帖子 #267 ---
FJ and Rob,

First of all, thanks for the great system.  It has been a pleasure to work with.  One question/request.  Would it be possible to add a mail alert option to the indicator.  I would like to keep a closer eye during work hours.  Thanks again for all of the work put towards this system.

MH

--- 帖子 #268 ---
Roc,

Ok we are on the same page. Hence you would have taken 80% at 20 pips. the rest one could have closed at BE or left it to the hit the SL (not a good idea) One should never let a good trade turn bad. This is another reason why an EA is not a good idea. Again to make it be known just because theres a TS of 50 pips one does not have to use it. A time to be using it is if your trade is a runner into profit. I hope we have this resolved if not keep posting and ill keep answering.

FJ

--- 帖子 #269 ---
The main difference between live feeds and demo feeds is that demo feeds are slightly slower than the live feeds.

Both feeds get the same ticks, but one set of ticks is slightly slower than the other. What's interesting is that the ticks do not have a timestamp on them when coming from the broker. Which is why--expecially on the lower TF charts--the bars are slightly different. This kind of lag can be the difference between a gap between bars, and a large spike. (It's significant)

--- 帖子 #270 ---
Now that I have learned system rules (thanks billbiss), I did some papertrading. The period was from 16.2. till today, 12 trading days.

16.2.  -62 pips

17.2.  +56

18.2.  +40

19.2.  +70

20.2.  -12

23.2.  +55

24.2.  +82

25.2.  -58

26.2.  -7

27.2.  +38

2.3.    +16

3.3.    +56

total   +274, average pips per day: 23

I used trailing stops, so the results should be very close to live results. Note that the test period was VERY short and that current volatility affects system's performance. If you trade the system manually, perhaps 200-300 pips per month could be expected?

R

--- 帖子 #271 ---
RR, thanks I understand the lag on demo tic data.

We are not using individual tic data for our calculations. We are using only closed 15min candles. I can see how 1m or 5m candles could be distorted quite a lot by those lags you mention. But the 15min OHLC values we use are quite consistent, only a pip or two variance between feeds. Almost all the spikes and gaps of the lower TFs will disappear into that 15min interval summarised by OHLC.

Do you agree that the demo lag is not a significant factor in this situation?

--- 帖子 #272 ---
I have been lurking around FF for a while but you guys gave me a reason to activate my posting privilege.

Thanks for the vForce and Force 5 systems. You got 5 ***** from me!

--- 帖子 #273 ---
MH, thanks for your feedback. Email alerts are not a high priority. However I will include this in the next version of vForceAlerts.  MT4 has settings in Tools.Options.Email you'll need to become familiar with and test. Please advise what information you want included in the email messages. RD

--- 帖子 #274 ---
Thanks SunPost, welcome to the Force.

Posting is a privilege worth using well.

Keep the those rating votes rolling in folks, we're off to a good start. RD

--- 帖子 #275 ---
The owner of this thread is Invited to come and comment on this thread.... http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=156084

You seem to be a helpfull member of this forum who is trying to advise and guide the the less experienced on the journey to become the profitable traders they desire to be.

Atleast 1 line of wisdome is all it takes, but please remember to abide by the thread rules stated in the 1st post.

Regards,

Leon

--- 帖子 #276 ---
Would be great if RR can create an EA where once we manually place the order, the EA will manage the closing (based on the rules)...

--- 帖子 #277 ---
Leon,

Thank you for the invitation it is an honor. I suspect Rob will visit also

FJ

--- 帖子 #278 ---
You have done a good work.am stilll trying to get it well.what should l do?

--- 帖子 #279 ---
Ez,

Please explain a little further for some help.

FJ

--- 帖子 #280 ---
Please can any one tell me the about the time of the vforce.when signal is send is it for GMT?

--- 帖子 #281 ---
E,

The signal is based on the PA from your MT4. Whatever time zone your broker is in then thats the times the signals are based on. I recommend using an IBFX demo for the signals.

FJ

--- 帖子 #282 ---
thanks forexjedi.

As l have seen signal for buy.9.30 but the rule on the next 4 candel l mean the green is not there what do l do?to still palce the order or not?

--- 帖子 #283 ---
What are you intentions here begging the newbees for ratings for a thread that is open since two days?

It is a 15M system that catches the trend mostly at the end, how many trades you could have taken since Sunday open if you would have been glued on the screen 24 hours?

--- 帖子 #284 ---
I have read the pdf and its pretty well explained but pls let me get it clear, for instance if a long signal appears we should place pending order at 10 pips above the close of the blue candle. then stop loss is it 10 pips below the close of the blue candle or 10 pips below the whole red candle? thank you

--- 帖子 #285 ---
Pip,

10 pip entry above a blue candle and 10 pips entry below a red candle. A SL is placed 10pips below a blue candle and 10 pips above a red candle.

FJ

--- 帖子 #286 ---
Hi Rob,

Here is a request for two things

- Could you in the indicator, also draw the price label corresponding to the initial SL ? Not that im lazy enough for not calculating manually....

- Could you confirm we should use the MT4 built-in TS once the trade is in-profit ? Or if not, could you suggest some good TS script ?

--- 帖子 #287 ---
Thank you now let me wait for a signal, I will share my experience with this system here, I see from the thread that some no goodders have been saying negative things here, dont let that stop you guys, I gave force5 five stars and I hope to this new system too will be able to achieve that too

--- 帖子 #288 ---
Which update is valid?

I see the files in post 1 changed today and then I see reference to post 101 being an important update?

I pressume post 1 also has been fixed?

--- 帖子 #289 ---
Look at the messages in the Experts tab of the terminal window to see the version you are using.

vForceAlerts V20090304 is the correct version for everyone as in post 101
http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...&postcount=101

--- 帖子 #290 ---
Sure, sounds like a good idea to me, next version will have stop labels too.

MT4 built-in trailing stops are correct for vForce.

In the Force5 we have been using UpdateStops to manage stops in a two stage process. First move SL to BE (breakeven) then apply the TrailingStop after that.

See UpdateStops at this post 2346
http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...postcount=2346

--- 帖子 #291 ---
It's a pity to see two of the people I most respect on FF exchanging harsh words and I would certainly consider Harold's comments differently from the totally unconstructive negativity that this thread has so quickly attracted.

The issue is as to whether a totally mechanical system can really be traded successfully, especially using shorter timeframes, and for most the answer is emphatically not. The advanced rules that FJ mentions are coming will obviously add a critical discretionary element, which imho probably makes all the difference, but of course means the trader actually has to use the space between his ears. The fact that this thread has attracted so much interest is, imho, based not only on the fact the FJ, robdee and others have put in a lot of thought and energy into producing it, but that most of us want to become more consistent and less stressed traders.

In the meantime, I appreciate this thread as at the very least I am sure it can tremendously help the learning process as it unfolds.

Btw, in addition to my discretionary trading (closer to H4x's approach than FJ), I do trade a basket of seven fully mechanical systems on index futures, but this requires a relatively large account. This totally automatic approach is up just under 40% in the last 9 months (with low drawdowns), whereas I target 20% per month in discretionary mode (which I achieve as long as I don't do anything too stupid, which unfortunately I frequently do...).

--- 帖子 #292 ---
l want to know how to go about the ALERT am getting from vforce.

when l place those order l still go on a loss so tell me what to do?

--- 帖子 #293 ---
What was changed in post 1 then?

--- 帖子 #294 ---
That is strange considering the amount of work these guys put into this system and given the harsh nature of Harold's post.

The ridiculing and demeaning attitude directed to someone Harold obviously knew from another thread was quite a turn off and this very same attitude was being displayed towards the creators of this system.

If anyone doesn't agree with a system which is quite rightly posted, in the SYSTEM thread of this board, they have the option to not view the thread.

Also, if Harold has such obvious disdain of such systems, why view the system threads at all?

--- 帖子 #295 ---
Hi Mr . robdee again just today I saw this thread I so much development in this system I remembered that I stopped looking to this system since it was the 5 Min system, because I it didn’t go well with me that time I guess because of the short period. So I hope the 15 min system is help full and well .
nice job again & again ..

--- 帖子 #296 ---
hey nice system you guys! i've downloaded it last night and just took a look at it this morning! simple and great! thank you for all the work you've done!

--- 帖子 #297 ---
Thanks for sharing!

Would there be the possibility to add an eMail-Alert? I ask because I use MT4 for charting (and trade with another broker) and have it running on a VPS but can't access it from work.

--- 帖子 #298 ---
Actually they work on it! It already runs on FXGame Beta.  The good thing is that their trailing stop runs at the server side. Might be some weeks until this comes into the FXTrade platform.

--- 帖子 #299 ---
Hi guys,

Thankyou to the guys who have put all this together. I will demo over the next couple of weeks and post my results. assuming the system works as well as you say, the only other missing keys are discipline and correct money management to make a success of it.

Well done and Thankyou.

S

--- 帖子 #300 ---
Hi FJ & Robdee,

I have to use the word "fantastic" ! Again, thanks a lot for sharing with us your wonderful system.  Hope to see you more in the chat room.

JL

--- 帖子 #301 ---
Hopefully you can see my chart. My first attempt to attach a chart. This is Eur chart for 3-4-09. Want to know if chart looks correct. Just got the Vforce set up. Looks like only one trade so far today and it did not fare too well.

Thanks for the help

--- 帖子 #302 ---
Hi guys,

made 1-year backtest.

Rules/parameters: Broker (GMT+1), standard account, Risk 1%, equity 5000, no reverse order, trailing starts after 80% were closed

Hope this helps

--- 帖子 #303 ---
I have 2 diffrent charts for today - which indicator is wright ?

--- 帖子 #304 ---
They may be consistent, but are they exactly the same?

If the Close prices are not the same, then the moving averages--or any other indicator which uses a series of close prices--will not be exactly the same. Remember, it only takes a 1 pip difference to change the value of the indicators.

I suggest you test this yourself if you don't believe me. Write a simple indicator which posts the values of various other indicators into the comments. You'll see that they definitely are not always the same. The distortion increases the lower the timeframe is.

--- 帖子 #305 ---
Thanks Ronald! I knew you would do it - ea I mean.

R

Ps. Are you still 18 yrs old ?

--- 帖子 #306 ---
Yes, I'm still 18.

--- 帖子 #307 ---
Thank you FJ n Rob. I have now eur/usd m 15 chart with your vforcetrading system on my fxdd metatrader station. Will it sound when signal buy or sell??

I had right clicked on the chart n load n saved templates.

No attachments from indicaters ?/

Bomi

--- 帖子 #308 ---
Im using a 4 decimal feed from MIG, and a 5 decimal feed from Alpari, and they both showed the signal on your top chart - a loser.

Im not knocking the fact its a loser, but that trade on your bottom chart looks much better, so maybe the indicator needs adjusting? At the moment, Im in 2 minds because some of the signals appear to be quite late.

But I'll be following this thread with interest.

--- 帖子 #309 ---
My goodness, Ronald!  I wonder just how awesomely prolific will you be when you reach the ripe old age, of say...19?  LOL

Bob

--- 帖子 #310 ---
Rob, Sir, Where to adjust these settings?/

--- 帖子 #311 ---
you can change it when you put it on your chart, or click on charts, indicators list, click on the indicator and then edit and you should be able to change the settings.

bulls

--- 帖子 #312 ---
thanks but i dont see any indicators list in charts. does that mean that my indicators folder has not put vforce indicator file inside?

--- 帖子 #313 ---
Today took 1 trade +48
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #314 ---
hoichoi,

have you used 2 different lots for that trade? Because the entry point was 1.2558 and the highest value was 1.2590 ( on 14:30 candle ); the total range is 32 pips. Right?

--- 帖子 #315 ---
what was your entry price?/

Hoichoi??

Bomi

--- 帖子 #316 ---
First pff Thanks and JAIHO to JD n ROBDEE from Bomi in hstn; tx. congrats guys , you all are reaping good pips since 1. 2556!!! Am I correct?? When do you think you will exit??

--- 帖子 #317 ---
Happi,

Let me remind everyone that you cant have a ROBOT make trades for you. There needs to be a human making decisions about the trade. This report is bogus. Please remove it asap. People are continuously ruining this thread bit by bit. Im trying to launch a three part system that does not use an EA. EAs will drain your account. EAs are for people with no skill that think FX is the lottery. Remove this please.

FJ

--- 帖子 #318 ---
Trades so far today are numbered at 2. The first trade is a loosing trade. If one knows their PA which we will begin learning in the advanced vForce launching soon they could have exited at the higher low shown in the chart below. Trade 2 is still in progress and is profiting nicely. Chart below.

--- 帖子 #319 ---
RR, yes we're seeing this the same.

We all must accept that candle close prices vary significantly from feed to feed. This means that signals that depend on these prices will also vary.

This calls into question the 'quality' of data being fed, how accurately does it reflect the broader market, especially those important candle closing prices.

With this in mind, is there a 'best' or 'worse' data feed ?

Anyone have evidence or inside knowledge of price sources?

--- 帖子 #320 ---
Fxjedi and Rb,

Thumbs up 4 u guys. Though I am more a GU trader I LOADED  your template on EU today and made nice 13 pips of $5 per point. I think you have my vote for this hard work

--- 帖子 #321 ---
This has nothing to do with the quality more than the consistency of the data feed.

Is is possible that the lag in ticks can cause different patterns in the candles?

--- 帖子 #322 ---
Hi all,

To fix this issue I will do what I did in my 5min system thread and recommend that everyone use an IBFX demo for their signal. This way everyone is on the same page with regards to the signals.

IBFX.com

FJ

--- 帖子 #323 ---
RD,

Thanks for the reply.  I understand that a mail option is pretty low on the priority list.  I appreciate that you are at least considering it.  I am currently using the MT4 mail option to send alerts to my cell phone by text.  It seems to work slick when I am away from the computer or at work.  Initially it would be great if we could get the same alert that is happening when the alert window pops up.  Ideally, it would be great if we can get a "Long" or "Short" alert along with the with the pending order value (that displays in the flag).

I am working towards trying MT4 mobile and since you can't run custom indicators, it would be nice to know if the signal was a short or long and what value I should enter for the pending order.  Again, thanks for a great system and considering the mail option.

MH

--- 帖子 #324 ---
I think this is a great idea but I'm a bit confused on what all the fuss is about. First off, I agree with you FJ, there has been some negativity here and I don't understand why. It's not a hard method to follow, it's free but more than that, you and Robdee are not just putting it out there and that's it.

You are helping along the way, so I hope you can let the negative comments fly by you and not decide to close the thread completely (you never said that but I just hope it does not come to that). Now as for this whole price feed thing and people having different signals, isn't that part of trading?

I mean, why should one feel because some got a signal and they didn't that it's such a bad thing. It happens. We all have different feeds, platforms, live in different time zones, so this is just another variable to me. Yes it may be frustrating to some but it's really not that big of a deal. Take the current trade for instance, if it was a loser, for those whose platform did not signal that trade, are they going to be upset that they missed out on a losing trade? I don't think so. So if you miss out on a winning trade, it's not the end of the world. I have the faith in FJ, Robdee and this method that in the long run (even if I miss some trades, I still will end up learning something and having made some money).

Some will not agree with me and that's fine but I just wanted to say my piece because I think that rather than complaining about what we dont' have, we all can be thankful and grateful for what we do have...and that's FJ and Robdee giving up their time to create this method, share it with us and try to turn as many unsuccessful traders into successful ones and hopefully millionaires one day.

Good Trading To All!

--- 帖子 #325 ---
That sir was an excellent post.  I shall give you many pancakes if we ever meet.

--- 帖子 #326 ---
Thanks.  I would gladly accept!

--- 帖子 #327 ---
After this signal there is no further signals? and you named it M15??

I thought there will be three four trades everyday!

Thanks

--- 帖子 #328 ---
I totally agree with you in appreciating efforts of FJ and Robdee. keep up the Good Work Guys ! And God Bless You1

Happy is That Man who makes others Happy! (Zarathushtra)

--- 帖子 #329 ---
is your system work on different currency pairs

like gbp/usd usd/jpy, usd/chf, aud/usd??

Also, i still don't understand the stop loss and take profit rules

Can you show me a example of a chart and

writing description detail?

eg.  buy at 1.25900    SL: ???    TP: ???

--- 帖子 #330 ---
Why be in a rush to have 3-4 trades per day if the most current trade is up currently 100 pips if you got in at 1.2556? I mean, do you really need a 3rd or 4th trade when you have a trade going for you right now that you should have already closed 80% at 20 pips and you have locked in another 50 pips on your last 20%. Worse case, you will probably walk away with +60 or more pips on this one trade.

I don't know about you but they can call it whatever they want...if a trade can run like that just by following the rules, I'll gladly take it and not worry about any other trades. If you did get a 3rd and 4th trade today, you would be upset if they were both losers and you gave back all the pips you earned. Just remember being greedy is gonna having you starving while others are eating off of you.

Don't take this the wrong way as I'm trying to bash you or something.  I just think that if you can get the pips that should have been made today, step away and go do something else.  Like FJ said earlier in the thread, we don't want to overtrade.  Even with the 1st trade being a loss, one still probably easily made +50 pips today.  That's a great day.  Take that and don't worry about a 3rd of 4th trade and if I'm not mistaken (and I could be) FJ said we may get 1-3 trades per day.  It's not set in stone...the market does what it wants to, we just need to act accordingly.

--- 帖子 #331 ---
I'm at work so I can't show a chart but I can help with your questions.  If you bought at 1.25900, your initial stop loss would be at the low of the blue candle that formed on your chart and you trail it with a 50 pip trailing stop loss.  As for taking profit, close 80% of your open lots/unit or whatever you trade at +20 pips, and the last 20% you just let run until you are stopped out by your trailing stop loss or at your own discretion. (DT, PA patterns and such).  Hopefully this helps.  Sorry I can't post a chart right now.

--- 帖子 #332 ---
I saved the indicator and templates to my IBFX live account Vista platform as per the instructions. Unfortunately, when I open the template, it causes my MT4 platform to crash.  Can anyone help me, please?

--- 帖子 #333 ---
Jedi,

First of all, thank you and Robdee for your efforts and generosity.

Second, thank you for posting this chart with both trades.  To a newer trader, it can be a little intimidating and seem that you experienced traders have a crystal ball and only make good trades (or only have 1 out of a dozen trades go bad for only a handful of pips).  So thank you for posting the first trade. It helps me to understand more completely that regardless of how great a system is I still need to observe and analyze the market and PA. So thank you.

Now, I saw your second trade on my charts and actually wanted to trade it, but due to its timing, the trade would be entered right before a major news announcement...(10:00am USD ISM Non-Manufacturing PMI)

... I passed up making the trade ... which I see you took and was very profitable for you.  What are your thoughts about trading doing possible major news times?

Thanks,

Fx_Discipulo

--- 帖子 #334 ---
Excelent System Gentlemen... even after closing my first trade of the day out for a 36 pip loss then taking the second trade , i'm currently up 60 pips . Will wait for some retracement or get stopped out . Haven't decided yet ..... And yes , i gave it a five star rating .... the rules are quite simple if you read the whole thread ..... again " Great Job "..... buffalopip

--- 帖子 #335 ---
I ran into exactly the same problem with my Alpari plartform but the link here is the solution from Rob, http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...postcount=2078 use this for your signals and enter the trade in you main account.

--- 帖子 #336 ---
Hi

Most traders would consider ISM Non-Manufacturing a minor announcement and ignore it.  Here is a link with ratings, I only suspend trading for news rated a 3.      http://www.fxstreet.com/fundamental/economic-calendar/

regards all

--- 帖子 #337 ---
Hi Pip-stud,

Thank you for the referral post...that helps. But, it appears I can't use my live account with IBFX regardless for this system. So, I took the path of least resistance and installed the templates and indicator on ForexMeta without incident. So, for those of you encountering a similar problem, just download the ForexMeta platform. It appears to be working just fine.

--- 帖子 #338 ---
Hi Forexjedi.

Congrats to your system development.

Actually, I'm reading your other thread.

But I thought, as this here is only 23 pages long currently, I would switch over here for some hours.

Concerning the issue "which broker & data feed", I plead you to be careful with limiting/suggesting to one broker.

Sure that may work for some, and for a while.

But what if you and Rob optimize further on just IBFX Demo and sth changes on their feed, or they do not exist anymore?

And what if some of the many people following this system have their own favorite brokers and do not want to change, whatever reason they do (not) have?

Wouldn't it be better/saver, to let Rob examine this further (what I bet is one thing he is currently doin  ), and give the users of the system the possibilities to use any broker? My personal view is: a system should work fine with lots of brokers to be called really reliable.

I understand your intentions, but I hope you do understand what I mean.

Thanks again for your great work here,

Regards, Lowen

--- 帖子 #339 ---
You can use IBFX for your demo account and still use your favorite broker or platform to place your live trades (if you are live trading this system).  I think his suggestion was more geered towards the posting of charts and people having different trades show up.  If he suggest IBFX, you will see the same thing he is seeing and then you can use your favorite broker to fill your order.

--- 帖子 #340 ---
yeah, concerning chart varieties and people having problems that their charts look different, this might be a wise decision for this thread. I agree in that.

Lowen

--- 帖子 #341 ---
Some people are reporting that MT4 is crashing (locking up) when they load the template, which in turn loads the indicator vForceAlerts.

The most common reason is using an out of date build of MT4.

Look in the Journal tab of the terminal window to see which build number you have. You should see something like this...

MetaTrader 4.00 build 220 started (MetaQuotes Software Corp.)

MIG Trading Station 4.00 build 220 started (MIG Investments SA)

The build 220 is the key thing because that is what I used to compile the indicator.

MT4 Tip

You can get a demo feed on IBFX (for your charts and testing only) without going through their website registration. See post 2078
http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...postcount=2078

--- 帖子 #342 ---
well my Apari platform is version 4.0 biuld 217. well i dont know how to upgrade it to buid 220 but for now Im using IBfx demo feed for my signal

--- 帖子 #343 ---
To all,

I would like to express my appreciation for the positive feeback. Some poeple like to be negitave and many people are correct when stating I should just let go. So this is what I will do. I take my FX very seriously and also my mission to help other out. Rob is the same way. I appoligise for maybe setting a bad example in this thread to everyone. Moving on to other things, on Sunday I will be launching the advaced portion of this system. This is where we will get into to price ation, support and resistance, trend lines. It is important that everyone spend as much time as possible making yourselfs familiar with the indicator. Also if yor not sure about the above mentioned items such as price action ect... one can search the internet to learn as much as possible before next week.

FJ

--- 帖子 #344 ---
Kudos to Jedi and robdee.  Guys, I'm seeing excellent results on the Eur/Yen too.  You gotta turn off the labels I suppose, otherwise it seems right on.  I use other filters as I don't trust any system completely and I would never use an EA.  Whatever floats your boat I suppose

robdee, I don't like your arrows!  Ha! Otherwise, thumbs up!  The indicator even lets you change colors, meaning when you change 'em the save template sticks unlike other indicators I have. Maybe you can work on them arrows

regards all

--- 帖子 #345 ---
I love arrows. I use them to shoot PIPS with. No one's gonna take my arrows away.

--- 帖子 #346 ---
though my platform updates each time I open it, i was suprised to see that I still have build 217 while there is build 220 MT4 platforms out there, is it possible for me to upgrade my platform to 220 myself? since it is suspected that this is the reason for the crashing of platform at loading this system

--- 帖子 #347 ---
I like 'em too, and I got lots of 'em, just none look like robdees, i can get use to 'em I suppose

--- 帖子 #348 ---
Yup, just download it from your broker, I betcha he's got the current build, #220

regards all

--- 帖子 #349 ---
Hey FJ and Rob Dont be distracted by the naysayers. Keep up the good

work and looking forward to the next phases of V FORCE.

CHEERS

BLUESTEELE

--- 帖子 #350 ---
Hi FJ and RD...

I just wanted to address a few things that have come up over the initial start up of your thread.

1. Negativity - I am not sure why some people want to be negative about a methodology they haven't tried. In addition you have stated that it's a 3 step implementation process to fully understand the system. Why not wait until all of the cards are on the table before bashing something. If you really don't see anything you like about the system then just move on.

2. Some people have stated that this system gets you into the trade way too late on the move up or down. I have noticed that same issue but when it does get you in and the move continues it turns out to be a very decent positive trade. Some systems get in on the pull back some get you in on the breakout. I have tried both and they both have winners and losers. Most, if not all of these systems depend on the the trader and their knowledge of the market to make positive trades each day.  In the case of this system I see that you can make 20-30 pips 70% of the time and to me that's a big edge. Now if you apply proper money management and don't lose 40-60 pips on the other 30% of the trades then you should have a positive edge using this system.  Set up and trade a demo account and see if that if true for you. If that doesn't prove out for you then find some other system to trade.

3. Signals and trading platforms - this seems to be an issue on almost every system thread. What every one needs to understand is that every platform may use a time different to GMT=0 and that the data feeds from platform to platform may be different. The data feeds from demo to live typically are slightly different even with the same company. So why have I brought this up? We have pages and pages of questions in this thread already dealing with this subject and it just starts to bog down the thread. The simple answer is we all use different brokers so unless you're using IBFX in this case chances are you may get different signal and entry candles than FJ and RD.  Even if you use IBFX the feeds may be different depending on what server the data is coming form and if you have a live or demo account. My other point is the "how to trade the system" part doesn't change because you have a different broker just the signal and entry candles may change a bit. So trade the signals on your platform and don't worry if they are slightly different for every one else. Either that or open up an IBFX demo account.

4. Don't trade any system blindy just because you get a signal. I am assuming that part 2 and 3 of FJ and RD's method will help us filter out some of the bad signals. So be patient.

Sorry for the long rant..now back to the business of trading.

--- 帖子 #351 ---
Thanks for your kind unselfish and generouse contribution to us who have strugled so hard and spent so much time and effort trying to be successful at this fx stuff . I so appreciate you guys for giveing me this extra edge and hope I can be of some help also .............Tom

--- 帖子 #352 ---
Ozzie,

Great post! Your words are powerful and have meaning. Thank you for your time and effort to illustrate your points.

FJ

--- 帖子 #353 ---
FJ, you cannot know and confirm if that low was a higher low until previous swing high at 1.2510 passed. So if you use PA to exit this losing trade, the best exit you could take was the close of 6.30 bar @1.2515.

--- 帖子 #354 ---
What about me!!!  I went on my rant earlier in this thread!!!  I was not shown any love for pointing out the same topics.  I feel let down!!!

LOL...just joking.

I'm just glad to see that people are seeing that we are privaledged to have FJ and Robdee sharing their knowledge with us

--- 帖子 #355 ---
Black,

The two best time to close were the two hammers. 1 at 3:15GMT and 1 at 4:30GMT. I closed my position at 4:30GMT.

FJ

--- 帖子 #356 ---
I would like to invite everyone over to my 5min system "the force5min system" thread who is looking for something to fill the gaps waiting for vForce trades. This system I first posted here in October and has many dedicated members to help answer questions.

The system is located here
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=120606

FJ

--- 帖子 #357 ---
S,

Sorry for neglecting you! Your words are also fantastic meaningful!!!!

FJ

--- 帖子 #358 ---
I just had to crack a funny (at least I thought it was).

--- 帖子 #359 ---
S,

Oh your funny!!

--- 帖子 #360 ---
Hey goldsurfer, if you have a way cool chart template how about posting it here for everyone to see ?

ShowChartArrows is disabled by default because they are basically a distraction from the main focus which is the signal candles. So I have not attempted to make them cool.

You can of course adjust the arrow size and colours. On the Colors tab the first two lines (0 & 1) represent the arrows. Use the Width property to control the size of the arrows. It is at maximum (5) by default. RD

--- 帖子 #361 ---
"The Force 5m" & "vForce" Chat Room Update

New SHORT URL:  www.vforce.tk  (Update your bookmarks to this site instead of the mibbit URL (we are using a new server and new chat channel name))

*We are having problems with IE users getting black screens when going into the website. I am aware of the problem and am working on it. Right now the only solution for it is to just use FIREFOX and there should be no problems at all.

If you use irc and have a software client (ie: mirc, xchat) for it here is the info for the server and channel name:

Server: irc.ircforex.com Port: 6667 (Default IRC port)

Channel: #theforce

Xchat: irc.ircforex.com/6667 channel: #theforce

Mirc: /server irc.ircforex.com channel: #theforce

*Remember This is a new server and new channel then the other one's posted on the thread so please update your bookmarks.

Now we will be using the same channel for both systems. As Forexjedi explained these two systems will work together in getting you extra pipes due to the fact that vForce only does so many signals a day.

*Remember this does not mean that you can post "vForce" charts/information in "The Force 5m" thread and do not post "The Force 5m" charts/information in "vForce" thread.

--- 帖子 #362 ---
How could that be with a trailing stop of 50 pips? The local high was about 1.2591, the low after that about 1.2539:

--- 帖子 #363 ---
Hi Rob

I actually am a big fan of Synergy(free) and THV3(another method in FF), but mostly do a 5m so I can always use another chart. I am seeing winning trades using my filters without waiting for the signal candle, so I like the arrows. I'm just used to the solid colored arrows, my templates are way uncool!! I have a warped since of humor, was my way of complimenting you saying the arrows were bad, hope you understood that.

Nice trades today on the Euro/Yen which I qualified like I do with my other trades, one at 16:15 gmt going long and a smaller short just after the Asian open. You guys say just for the Euro, can you elaborate a wee bit?

regards

Goldsurfer

--- 帖子 #364 ---
X,

Good observation. If one had followed by the rule they would have been stopped where you mention in your post. Later when we get to the advanced version I will show how one could have also stayed in the trade using PA and SR. I appreciate you pointing this out. Than you for your post. Please stay tuned on Monday when I go over the adcanced version and explain my logic.

FJ

--- 帖子 #365 ---
Thanks forexjedi, I really appreciate it.

I could imagine to use something like 1-2-3 swing high/lows (higher highs with higher lows) to trail the stop...

--- 帖子 #366 ---
X,

Obviously you may have most of it figured out my friend. One could tell by the style of your terms from the previous post. There will also be fibs, Pivots, TLs and patterns to help people along. I hope to see you around with some comments next week.

FJ

--- 帖子 #367 ---
Hi,

This looks very interesting!

I just got a green candle but it didnt go the full 10 pips below the low of the red candle (1.25845 - 10 pips) = 1.25745

The low of the now green candle was only 1.25808

Am I missing something here ?

Thanks

WG

--- 帖子 #368 ---
Same here. But nevertheless the trade has been filled now, so I don't care about any green "signal" candles.

edit: Here's a screenshot to display that "issue"

--- 帖子 #369 ---
Robdee, Thanks for this EA. I've added it to my main set up and It's a true gem and I can't thank you enough. Now I find my good entries, Take them and let the EA do the rest.

--- 帖子 #370 ---
Hi,

I've been following the thread and all the nice things, wanted to post my first trade just for interest sake cause there were more than one signal but only one were met.

T/P were set on 20pips so yea...nice

--- 帖子 #371 ---
Sweet lil trade, hoping it becomes a big trade as I have a lil trailer on it

Impressive!

regards all

--- 帖子 #372 ---
The force and Vforce Combined  have made me alot of pips this week!!Thanks again Mr. Jedi & Robdee!!

NewAgeInvestments

a.k.a I love pips !!!

--- 帖子 #373 ---
This looks interesting.  I'll have to follow along.  I don't think I'll trade it blindly, but following along with S/R and PA seems good.

Today, see an Evening Star, leaving supply and colored red.  Followed by double low that broke to the downside before the green even triggered.  Seems like that increases probability of trade.

Yesterday, I would've passed on 1st trade trying to sell on new lows that haven't been seen since last year.

Trade 2 is interesting because we get that blue candle into a supply zone.  Based on how I trade now, I wouldn't have paid attention to that candle.  The green trigger candle would prove resistance not holding and moving to 2579 - 2596 next supply to left of chart.  Normally I would play the pullback, but still have doubts about the trade.  This may add probabilities if it looks like the market is breaking out, and we see these confirmations.  Question actually - assume we flip flop the pin bar with the green bar, then that trade wouldn't be valid right?  B/c that's triggering on bar 5?

In any case, I think I'll be able to add this to my trading toolbox.  Looking forward to the PA S/R stuff you've got coming up.

--- 帖子 #374 ---
Hi Willow,

if a candle closes below the signal candles low, it also gets painted green. That's the reason. Don't get confused by that.

I guess to start a trade here, would probably belong to the "advanced" ruleset. Who knows..

Cheers, Lowen

--- 帖子 #375 ---
I have no connection with IBFX broker at this moment on both Demo and Live accounts. It's normal?????

--- 帖子 #376 ---
RobDee or Forexjedi,

I have a Q concerning the Trailing Stop.

I read the thread and found some answers from Jedi, but sth is not clear to me:

ForexJedi said:

But lets say, the initial SL is lower than -50, say it's -60 (related to the rules of high/low of signal candle +/- 10)

Does this SL make sense when I directly set a TS of 50?

I would say no, as the stop would immediately jump up to the 50TS.

So is it correct because of the Trailing Stop, 50pips is the biggest stop I can get?

Concerning UpdateStops.mq4:

How would I set the settings for VForce?

Would these settings work (including the Trailing, as it says this only initiates after moving stop to BE)?
Inserted Code extern int    TakeProfit1        = 20;   // close part of the trade when this target is reached
extern int    TakeProfit2        = 0;   // close part of the trade when this target is reached
extern int    TakeProfit1Percent = 80;   // percentage of trade to close when TakeProfit1 is reached
extern int    TakeProfit2Percent = 0;   // percentage of trade to close when TakeProfit2 is reached
extern int    HardStop           = 0;   // if SL is missing then SL will be added using HardStop value (0 means disabled)
extern int    MoveStop           = 0;   // move stop to BE (breakeven) when this profit target reached (0 means disabled)
extern int    TrailingStop       = 50;    // AFTER stop is moved to BE, the stop is trailed pip for pip (0 means disabled)
extern int    MaxBrokerSlippage  = 2;    // do not take profit if broker slippage is greater than MaxBrokerSlippage

Thanks for your answer,

Lowen

--- 帖子 #377 ---
I am also on IBFX and my connection is fine ..... Must be Your internet service provider or just log back on . That what seems to work for me , expecially during heavy volume for trading days , they get bogged down at times , and must relog on to system ......  buffalopip...

--- 帖子 #378 ---
Took cool 40 pips from the last signal, now another signal is in the works too will wait and see

--- 帖子 #379 ---
hehe I guess that 2nd signal is obsolete now:

Attached Image

[EDIT] ..but it gives us a SELL Signal now

--- 帖子 #380 ---
Yes pls how do you attach chart

--- 帖子 #381 ---
1) Do a screenshot by pressing Print" on your keyboard, or "save as image.." in MT4

2) You can open MS Paint or sth. to paste or load the screenshot, and cut it's size by marqueeing the section you want. copy the section, => ctrl n => ctrl v => Resave as GIF.

3) Upload Image

when u reply to the thread, just click on "Attachments". Upload the file and afterwards choose it from "Attachments"

You can also attach older charts from the thread. You just need to know the attachment ID.

either get that from the old post using "quote", or, if u move your mouse over a shrinked image in a post and look for the ID in the URL.

If u click on the paperclip in the top right corner, u can see all attachments from the thread and can also get the attachmentIDs there by hovering over them

4) I suggest SnagIT, there are free versions (version7) floating through the web. It can capture everything you want.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #382 ---
I mean how do you save the chart b4 ataching, seems like we are in another short trade, hope it ends up like the previous

cheers

--- 帖子 #383 ---
IMO, EURUSD is hitting strong support area, 1.2483, here.

Edit: Waiting for a Long signal in this area.

TimeFreedom

--- 帖子 #384 ---
yeah that was yesterdays EST open and Low. And also near Weekly S1

--- 帖子 #385 ---
We have our Long signal now and if can break 2534 we should see 2576.

TimeFreedom

--- 帖子 #386 ---
don't u think it might be stuck at the down TL before?

[EDIT] Just bounced off. Lets see if it goes further up..

--- 帖子 #387 ---
please help me

I Send the templets and the indicators but one by one not in a zip mode

--- 帖子 #388 ---
who can send it?

--- 帖子 #389 ---
Tried your settings and it doesn't work per strat. trade management rules. The EA actually closed my trade as soon as I gained 1 pip.

TimeFreedom

--- 帖子 #390 ---
yeah same here.

I guess it's because I set the TP to 0.

Maybe I should set it to 999 or sth.

Trailing also unsure if it will work, because I won't set anything to BE as it says in the comment

--- 帖子 #391 ---
can you send the templet and indicators unziped

thank you

--- 帖子 #392 ---
here you are

--- 帖子 #393 ---
you were right there,what did you use to determine the resistance/support

--- 帖子 #394 ---
Why are you people still talking about ea's when Forexjedi has said not to? Didn't Forexjedi say that he doesn't not want any ea's for this system or ea talk in this thread? Don't kill a good system with your ea's. Thats great that you want to make a ea, now go make one and shut up abouit it or go start a new thread about it. This thread is for forexjedi's vforce MANUAL SYSTEM!!!!!!!!

- Edited due to Siuol's reminder =-]

- 2nd edit, damn it didn't know the quote thing doesn't update lol =-[

--- 帖子 #395 ---
I agree with you and was going to post reminding them that FJ & Robdee don't want EA's posted or being talked about here but I have to disagree with your harsh words. No need for all of that. I've seen many threads turn into just negative battles because of one comment like yours.

We want to keep this thread positive and not have it end up like so many others where it's a boxing match. So I agree with you completely on following the rules that FJ & Robdee have laid out for us and not talking about EA's and things like that but no need for the name calling.

--- 帖子 #396 ---
why I can't put vForceAlerts.ex4  on the chart ?

--- 帖子 #397 ---
Hi all,

2 valid trades so far today that passed the 10 pips tag filter making a combine profit range of 138 pips. This means that this was the maximun profit potential that one could have made. Next week ill show how one could have maximised their profit potential on trade 1 using SR, pivots and fibs. Trade 2 was a quick bullish rush. This type of move happens frequently which we will also begin to cover next week all in the advanced portion. In the mean time continue getting aquanted with the Indicator. Chart below.

FJ

--- 帖子 #398 ---
Sioul,

I agree that an EA should not be posted here. You cant automate trading and be profitable on a consistant basis. Any EA will profit in a trend and destroy you in a range and on retracement. DV84 I appreciate your protectiveness but lets keep it clean my good friend. Also keep up the good work your putting forth.

FJ

--- 帖子 #399 ---
the coulor of my candels are not the same as your's , do  I need to change some parameter?

--- 帖子 #400 ---
just activate the template it will load the indicators for you, just activate the template and you are good to go

--- 帖子 #401 ---
your broker?

--- 帖子 #402 ---
meta trader forex place

--- 帖子 #403 ---
Hi ForexJedi

Looks an excellent system.

Could you tell me why the prices on my chart don't seem to add/delete the 10 pips from the top/bottom of the signal candle ? They seem to add 1 pip - I am on Alpari with 6 digit prices. I assume that is the problem but no idea how to solve it.

I know it is not a major problem as I can calculate the price and S/L manually, just wondering why it shows different ?

Thanks

WG

--- 帖子 #404 ---
forexjedi uses IBFX I believe.

Load the indicator on the exact same chart with the exact same broker, if it's different, have a word with RobDee, I believe he coded the indicator.

--- 帖子 #405 ---
The EA I discussed here was a Trade Management EA, UpdateStops, that manages manual open trades, which was posted on the Force M5 thread by Rob.

TimeFreedom

--- 帖子 #406 ---
I look at weekly, daily, and H4 charts for support and resistance areas. I am guessing that ForexJedi will be introducing Support and Resistance in the next phase of vForce.

TimeFreedom

--- 帖子 #407 ---
FJ I noticed that your chart did not show the signals that I marked with blue in my own chart, why? Infact if not for the timely warning of Timefreedom I would have gone short on that short false signal. How come you chart didntt have that signal? Thanks

--- 帖子 #408 ---
Yes the 5 Minute Force thread and this thread are to be kept totally seperate.  They are two totally different systems and they intend to keep them that way.

--- 帖子 #409 ---
How is using an EA or script to manage your TP or move your SL a big problem here? Please advise.

Note: Keep in mind I did not introduce the said UpdateStop EA to this thread.

TimeFreedom

--- 帖子 #410 ---
Is the broker you are using IBFX?  If not, then that is probably why he did not have that trade and you do.  He suggest for everyone to use IBFX for charting purposes.  Even if you do use IBFX, you still may have a signal or two that others won't but that is probably due to different servers, feeds and things like that.  It's just one of the many variables that come with this market and there is nothing we can really do about it but if you use IBFX, you should be seeing what FJ sees at least 99.9% of the time.

--- 帖子 #411 ---
after aplari changed to 6 digits if you want to set a SL of 10 pip you have to make it 100, if you want 20pips = 200 so I fyou want to place orde at 10pips remmeber it has to be  100 if you make it 10 it will place it at just 1pip

--- 帖子 #412 ---
If you want to use it, that's fine.  It's your own account and trading but FJ & Robdee don't want EA talk in this thread and they have already stated that.  I believe since this is their thread, we owe them the respect to follow the guidelines they have laid out.

One EA conversation turns into another and before you know it, the method has been switched around and that is not what they want.  We understand you did not introduce the EA but if you go back in the thread, you will see where they requested that there be no EA talk and also no mixing of the two systems.

--- 帖子 #413 ---
I use the same IBFX demo server that FJ suggested thats why Im suprised

--- 帖子 #414 ---
Hi All,

Been impressed today with system, not an easy day. Must agree with Pip Stud , my charts are the same as his using interbank. Anyone else ?

S

--- 帖子 #415 ---
Check out my post on page 22, post #324 and Ozziedave's post on page 24, post #350...we both touched on this topic.

--- 帖子 #416 ---
hello friends! Greetings!

Can anyone tell me how to read this thread continuously please? every time I have to go back one page backward to see if there is any new post!!

Thansk.

--- 帖子 #417 ---
Thanks Pip-Stud. I have the same issue and hence the same questions.

fboy

--- 帖子 #418 ---
WELCOME TO THE MOST ACTIVE THREAD IN FOREX FACTORY

--- 帖子 #419 ---
Willowgal, In post #99 Rob updated the indicator to adjust for 5 digit brokers. Until then, change the "Confirm Pips" parameter to 100.

--- 帖子 #420 ---
Yep, me too, using IBFX price feed download provided by Robdee.

--- 帖子 #421 ---
Thank you my friend for the warm welcome!

Do people here report their trades results or not? that will be very encouraging n informative, guys please!

--- 帖子 #422 ---
Thanks !

--- 帖子 #423 ---
Yes we do havnt you read the entire thread? if not you should

--- 帖子 #424 ---
Thank you bro for this nice system is there allready an EA for this system?

Regards

--- 帖子 #425 ---
No EA's for this method, no EA talk on this thread and none to come.  You are more than welcome to join us all and see just how powerful we can make this method with manual trading.

--- 帖子 #426 ---
I'm wondering because I'm not at home to see my charts if anybody is still in the last long signal that was given at 1.2539?  I know the first 80% was closed at +20 pips but I was wondering if anybody was stopped out on the pullback or if they are still in?  There also was a DT and now looks like a possible TT, so if you are still in, be careful and look at what PA is telling you.

--- 帖子 #427 ---
DD TT PA could you explain a little or at least spell them out a little for those of us who are not yet advanced like you, remember, we are always willing to learn.  Thanks

--- 帖子 #428 ---
Sorry my friend.

TT= Triple Top

PA= Price Action

DB= Double Bottom

Oh and by no way at all am I advanced...not even close!  I'm here to get better just like the rest.  I've been trading for 3 1/2 years and I'm still in debt with the market so I'm hoping that this method will allow me to take back what I've lost and get back a whole bunch more....way more!

--- 帖子 #429 ---
oh ok thank you

--- 帖子 #430 ---
Any reply to this question? I already use IBFX demo...

--- 帖子 #431 ---
atfx, i have compared your chart to mine, exactly the same. RD

--- 帖子 #432 ---
Just one of those issues we have discussed before...nothing we can do about it.  It is very weird to see that, I will admit that.

--- 帖子 #433 ---
If you are needing to set ConfirmPips=100 to get your price labels in the right place this tells me that the conversion is not working (in your case only) and the internal calculations of vForceAlerts will not be accurate, they will be out by a factor of 10. You mention a 6-decimal pricing broker ? I can't imagine why that is needed but nevermind.

Please confirm that you require 6-decimal support in vForceAlerts and I will do it. Regards, RD

--- 帖子 #434 ---
Yes, but the chart showed by forexjedy on post 397 looks different. He don't has losing signal!!!

--- 帖子 #435 ---
That's good to know but it is different than the one FJ posted on page 27, post #397.  But like we have said before, there is nothing we can do about it, at least not up until this point has a solution came.

All we can do is trade what we see on our charts.  That's it.  If you have a trade signal and someone else doesn't that's just the name of the game and how it is for right now and it may stay that way forever.  I'm sure it's frustrating.  If I'm not mistaken, I had the same exact chart as you, which is different from FJ but I was not up to take that trade anyway but I did get in on this long trade before I left for work.

--- 帖子 #436 ---
Robdee,

Great work by the way. I'm very appreciative of both the work of you and forexjedi. Nabbed 66 pips thus far today on the Force and vForce today.

I trade via my cellphone when I'm out and about during the day. Is there anyway the alert could notify me via email when there's a new signal?

A feature like that would just about complement all of my trading needs.

Thanks again.

--- 帖子 #437 ---
Yes we Do please

--- 帖子 #438 ---
And pls have us(6 digit broker users)  in mind too when you and FJ are developing the next version of the system. Thank you

--- 帖子 #439 ---
I was too hasty pointing traders to UpdateStops over in the Force5 thread. Many people have been using it and love it and I assumed it would do the same for vForce. It does not. There are requirements for 5-decimal and new MM rules in vForce that are not accomodated in the current UpdateStops.

Please understand, I have a lot going on and thought I could offer something useful because of the success in Force5.

A separate vForce Automation thread will be used when the time comes. RD

--- 帖子 #440 ---
eMail alerts already coded and tested, will be in next release. RD

--- 帖子 #441 ---
I think they are saying six digit NOT six decimal.

--- 帖子 #442 ---
RD

UpdateStops question, the MoveStop # does not have to = TakeProfit 1 or TakeProfit 2? Correct, can be a different #

By Break Even #, your talking dollars and cents, or 0 pips? 0 pips

regards

goldsurfer

Never mind, all you gotta do is watch it once or twice!

--- 帖子 #443 ---
YES

example

1.23467 and 123.710

thats example of what I call  six digits as we have in alpari

--- 帖子 #444 ---
I'm out of the trade @1.25682 because I'm showing price rebounding off the 61.8 fib from the last big downswing and bouncing off the 4/8 Murrey line which provides strong resistance.

--- 帖子 #445 ---
An EA is simply a computer program. Just like the one you're using right now. Raygun has made more than he can count, and I'm sure some of them are successful. The EA talked about here earlier was for managing trades. As long as EA has the correct parameters, it can succeed. However, I agree with the thread starters that EA talk be done on another thread, because the thread always, always, gets clogged up with EA questions, settings, and problems.

--- 帖子 #446 ---
Do you have any mq4 system to automatically set up the Fib for you on metatrader?

--- 帖子 #447 ---
I just use the one in mt4 manually and just add the levels I need

--- 帖子 #448 ---
Congrats.  Good call.  I'm sure you banked so nice hefty pips.

--- 帖子 #449 ---
I've also been tracking a few other of my favorite pairs (Gbp/Usd, Gbp/Chf, and Gbp/Jpy) to see how they react and perform. So far they have been looking great so far and with Jedi's permission I will post a few charts a little later.

Sioul, I didn't grab a   ton of pips but I'm not greedy by any means.

--- 帖子 #450 ---
Here's something to keep in mind when the next alert comes. As you can see in the pic we have two possible fib confluences at the 38.2 ext. and the 76.4 fib and a stronger one right below it at the 61.8 ext. and the 86 fib. Watch also the 2/8 Murrey line above both of these to strengthen the resistance. Hope this analysis helps everyone out a little.

--- 帖子 #451 ---
Hey, not being greedy is just fine.  I've said it before, being greedy will just end up having you starving while others are eating off of you.  Good trade.

--- 帖子 #452 ---
Hello, I have to take profit +20 pips + spread or only +20 pips?. when I am selling and a new blue bar appears, I have to close the sell?.Thanks  for all.

--- 帖子 #453 ---
Close 80% at just +20 pips.  As for the closing of a position when another one creates itself, that is entirely up to you.

--- 帖子 #454 ---
Hi All,

I just wanted to make one more comment on EA's and scripts. Keep in mind there are typically 2 different ways in which EA's and scripts are used. The first way is to trade the signals that a trading system generates and the second is to manage a trade once you have entered the position.

When FJ and RD talk about limiting the discussion about EA's I believe they are referring to an EA that would trade the signals generated by VForce. I think it is very important to learn how to trade this system manually without the discussion of the trading EA that will just confuse everyone. The introduction into the thread of a trade management EA or script is less likely to cause confusion but that in some ways takes away form the main topic of learning how to trade the system manually.

May I suggest that those who are interested in any type of EA set up an additional thread and discuss them separately. If you want to put a post in this thread announcing the opening of the EA thread so those who want can participate on both threads.

Again, just my suggestion to keep this thread focused.

--- 帖子 #455 ---
I've been watching this system since its post and I can tell it's an excellent system and I agree with the author that it provides 80% success rate. In fact, I can also tell that a I'm confident about a signal when generated based on technical analysis.

I've the following obervations that I see valid and true about this system:

1- It should NOT be traded during asian session

2- The proposed stoploss is relatively high (average 50 pips) compared to other systems in that particular time frame 15 Min.

3- The target profit strategy could be improved more than the current announcement by the author. I really see it under estimated to put a stop loss of more than 50 Pips while I take off 80% of the position on 20 Pips. Yes, this is safe but unjustified.

4- The system generates about 3 signals a day. The most single excitment about this system is that once signaled, ONE could predict the start of the excitment (4 next bars). This is a psychological dimension added to the dimension of trust already got on the signal.

5- I believe the success of the system could be extended to larger time frames, which might mean larger profit targets.

6- I believe this system could be adapted (by the author) to work on other European currencies such as pound and swisse.

7- One interesting finding, is that ONE could know the next market move on other inversely and directly proportional currencies to Euro and let the technical analysis deside when you enter. For example, if a BUY signal develops on Euro, one could predict the swisse could develop a SELL direction and the pound could develop a BUY direction too. This is particularily true based on solid technical analysis of exprienced traders.

Very nice work indeed of Forexjedi and RobDee and i hope they could keep us updated with other versions and instructions.

--- 帖子 #456 ---
I agree with you, they are probably talking more down the lines of an EA to take the signals but honestly, I think any EA talk (signal taking or trade management) will just get people off track and off the main agenda which is to get up to speed with the indicator.  I just personally feel that EA talk and anything related to it should be discussed outside of the thread but it's not my thread so my opinion is just that...my opinion!

--- 帖子 #457 ---
Hi Ozzie

I agree with this statement and idea.

I think managing SL/TS and TP with an EA is nothing bad for vForce, as it would do all the things I would have to do robotically manually (can one say that?).

Robdee's UpdateStops is one example for this, but only seems to work optimal in Force5M.

I'm looking forward to an adaption to VForce, and think it might be good to extract it from this thread, as it produces overload as we can see.

thanks.

To Jedi or Rob:

Concerning Trailing stops, could you be so kind and take a look at my question again? I'm not sure I understood the method u suggest correctly:
http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...&postcount=376

Thanks a lot, it's great here and I like that u won't accept changes to the systems indicators, as u have put lots of work in to design it, and I've seen lots of systems where a wild gone thread produced bad indicators in the end where noone did know what works and what not..

Lowen

--- 帖子 #458 ---
Time,

I must have missed the post. The type of EA you mention would be great! I see an EA that updates stops and manages a trade but does not open trades as beneficial. Sorry fo the missunderstanding.

FJ

--- 帖子 #459 ---
Well, good thing you cleared that up.  I'm sure there will be many who are happy to hear that.

--- 帖子 #460 ---
I agree with #5 from post #455, but the parameters need to be changed to trade longer time frames (I like 1hr and 4hr) - ForexJedi, any chance you would consider making those changes?

--- 帖子 #461 ---
abedewi,

Thanks for all your comments. This is the kind of feeback im looking for. As for other pairs, im not against trading them at all. The issue is that I cant guarantee the results becuase I never tested them. I only trade the EU which is why this is the only pairs I tested. When I was mentored this is the way I was taught. Stick to 1 pair and learn it. If people want to trade other pairs and post here thats ok but I cant support them becuase the system was designed, tailored and optimised for the EU. The last thing I want to see is people posting here loosing pips becuase the system isnt desined for other pairs.

FJ

--- 帖子 #462 ---
Eagle,

This can be done. I actually have a long term system thats been in development for almost 6 months. Its almost ready and I plan to release it in the early summer. To just change the settings of the indicator and throw it on her would be irresponsible of me. If people want this then I will have to go into testing mode and it could take months to get it right. If I see some demand the I will supply. Its that simple.

FJ

--- 帖子 #463 ---
Hi FJ

Its a great thread,thank you and RD for sharing your system

I would like to know are you consider the significant new such as tomorrow's NFP or you let the indicator "consider" it?

Thanks

Simon

--- 帖子 #464 ---
Simon,

NFP is a big deal. I will be cautious with any trade I take today. Also I will not take any trade that gives a signal of the NFP news.

FJ

--- 帖子 #465 ---
I know youre all wondering what I look like in real life so I changed my avatar pic to a pic I just took with my webcam.

FJ

--- 帖子 #466 ---
No biggie.

TimeFreedom

--- 帖子 #467 ---
FJ,

I also will play it very close today since preNFP trading can be slow.

Here is my short-term view of EURUSD. 2572 is resistance area and needs to be broken and 2524 is support area, which also needs to be broken before I am confident a trade can be taken.

TimeFreedom

--- 帖子 #468 ---
Ive inputed a some advanced technical analisys on my chart below. We have pivots for monthly, weekle and daily. Also plotted are yesterdays fibs. Ive added an upper TL resistance connecting lower highs and a lower TL support connecting higher lows. At the moment the price is at the daily pivot and also at the 50%fib from yesterdays price action. The conclusion is that the price can go either way today. Some of the reason are that the price is in the middle of the trianlge consisting of the upper and lower TL, the 50% fib and the price ranging on the daily pivot. We have weekly s1 pivot support at 452 monthly s1 at 428 and daily support 2 at 397 all below the price. Above the price we have as far as pivot are concerned we have daily r1 at 629, daily r2 at 713 and the weekly pivot at 722. What does all this mean? The price is in a bit of a mess. There is mega support and resistance in play here combined with the factors I first mentioned show no particular direction at the moment. I will hoever watch this chart and post comments as I see fit based on the price movement. If I was had to make a guess at what the price would do I would say it will bounce between upper TL and lower TL till the NFP news release then break out bullish. Lets see what happens. The next vForce signal should let us know whats going to happen. I will take a bullish bounce of the lower TL confirned by a Vforce bull signal and vice versa from the upper TL. This is my thoughts for fridays direction and how we will proceed with our chart from now on. Ill post all the important indicators on Sunday to help people out. Chart Below.

FJ

--- 帖子 #469 ---
I put v-force into mt4 but I dont get any alerts. What did I do wrong?

--- 帖子 #470 ---
Since forexjedi has no issues with us exploring other pairs I will put my name in the hat for questions with regards to analyzing a few more pairs to unload the burden, so to speak. I just wanted to put up a few charts for Gbp/Usd, Gbp/Chf, and Gbp/Jpy.

First we'll tackle Gbp/Usd. The last couple of trades I would have taken the first one but not the second and here's why. If you notice on the first trade we had a solid retrace to the 61.8 fib, and if you study fibs at all this will 7 out of 10 times reach the 61.8 ext. or beyond. After first seeing the price spike through the 38.2 ext. and dead stop on the 8/8 Murrey I wasn't sure this had the strength to push to 61.8. So I decided when our Vforce signal had appeared to commit to taking profit at the 38.2 ext. instead as a safeguard with roughly 27+ pips.

The second trade I was not comfortable in taking because as we can see the price piercing through that magical 61.8 ext. and also with price becoming extremely oversold by approaching the +1/8 Overshoot Murrey level. This combination is way too risky for me and sure enough price is starting to consolidate at this area with no definitive direction.

Remember the is always another signal around the corner.

--- 帖子 #471 ---
Now, Gbp/Chf. This is really one of my favorites and was hoping for good things but the last two trades were a "no trade" situation for me.

The first trade had "I'm reversing!!" written all over it with 1) a pin bar formation (remember the price action?), 2) it pierced a 38.2 extension, 3) previous resistance at the 5/8 Murrey, and 4) even the pin bar itself dead stopped at 1.65000 which is a major psychological barrier! So I definately passed here.

The last trade wasn't really as bad but if you look back we hit resistance at the 5/8 Murrey line 4 times and the Vforce signal was just too close! Now this trade may reach a 61.8 ext. or further but I wouldn't take the risk personally.

***UPDATE***

Just to let everyone know that the price did continue down to hit the 61.8 ext. for about 33-34 pips, if you were in.

--- 帖子 #472 ---
My second favorite pair, the Gbp/Jpy, had an awesome move yesterday. As you can see in the first pic, with a 38.2 retrace (which are known to hit even the 261.8 extensions) and coming down from an extremely overbought Murrey level, price dropped significantly and you could have had a potential profit anywhere from 110 to 260 pips depending on your exit point. As conservative as I am, I decided to exit at the 61.8 ext., again not to be too greedy.

The last trade was tricky as my Murrey indicator has redrawn and the previous 5/8 Murrey is now a 6/8 Murrey which is a strong reversal level and price is also penetrating the 161.8 fib ext. around the same area raising my red flag to pass on this one. You can also pull another fib to the new swing high and watch for a possible retrace from there just in case.

--- 帖子 #473 ---
At the moment the EU is still ranging within 20 pips of the DP. I suspect it ma head for the resistance TL then head back or the DP. Due to NFP today I will trade at .25% becuase is a high risk and highly unpredictable day. Lets see what happens.

FJ

--- 帖子 #474 ---
FJ pls I dont know how to set up daily weekly monthly pivots, and I see its important, maybe your template will help me or is their any indicator for those?

--- 帖子 #475 ---
I have an idea and i think it will help with trading this system more easily.

Have a semi-auto EA that ONLY help to create pending order when signal is generated and cancel order once 4 bar is over, that's all the EA will do. Once in trade, we have to manage it by ourselves.

We are following the signal given and we will always have our pending order in place once there is signal. I think this entry part could be automated since it is straight forward ?

What do u guys think ?

--- 帖子 #476 ---
im using 5 digit broker, fxpro.

and i dont need to change any config.

confirmpip is 10

and i think it is working fine.

Or not ? someone pls help

--- 帖子 #477 ---
Going forward, if forexjedi manage to implement this system to trade multiple pairs in the future, this semi-auto entry EA can help us scan those charts for trades and we can fully concentrate on those filled pending order.

--- 帖子 #478 ---
[quote=Pip-Stud;2584013]FJ pls I dont know how to set up daily weekly monthly pivots, and I see its important, maybe your template will help me or is their any indicator for those?[/quo  How do i upload indicators pls help thanks ....T

--- 帖子 #479 ---
Hi all,

Forexisfx this is nothing personal and not a reflection of your post below as I respect your comments. Like ive mentioned before it will take some time to trade other pairs. They will need to be tested. If you trade other pairs right now that are not the EU your doing so at your own risk. Its like walking on thin ice. They have never been tested. Pretty much the same as just throwing random indicators on a chart nd giving it a go. As for an EA that places pending orders so the user doesnt have to then to have he user manage the trade. Im not sure about this. What will happen is users will leave the EA running and loose pips. Theres no easy way to trade FX. Even if there was an EA to manage a trade the user still needs to sit there and watch the price action to make sure their trade stays profitable. Moving forward I dont thin there should be any type of EA at all. Theres no easy way totrade FX. Its hard work. Many many long hours and it takes a lot of skill. The right trade may happen once a day sometimes twice. Its taken me 7 years to get to this point with so muc time invested along the way I dont remeber doing much else. I dream about fx at night thats how involved you need to become. I spend at least 12 hours a day in front of my PC waiting for the setups and thats how trading fx is. Again moving forward only the EU will be traded on this thread as I dont want to see people loosing pips. No EAs of any kind! Everyone who wants to be here and learn skill is welcome to learn. You experience first hand what it really take to become a full-time trader. From this post forward this is howit will be. No EAs, No outside pairs, no outside indicators ( otherwise this wouldnt be vforce it would be some system you just made up ) and no rudeness. I beg you all to follow these rules.

FJ

--- 帖子 #480 ---
Thanks. Just a suggestion. Before I wrote those I already expect 90% "NO EA". I'll continue to work hard on this and hopefully do well in forex.

--- 帖子 #481 ---
Glad to see that you decided to stop the EA talk and suggestions and topics.  I think this is a great idea.  I've been against the EA talk since day one.

--- 帖子 #482 ---
[quote=tgiambarberee;2584061]

--- 帖子 #483 ---
Thanks FJ and Robdee for all your hard work and most especially your offering this system to us for free.  I have been at this for almost two years now and it has been  very challenging with a few blown accounts along the way.   I look forward to starting my way back to profitability with you and your system and the experience I will pick up along the way.

I agree totally with your outline for the thread FJ in keeping this a manual EU system exclusively.    Too many other variables get things confused and off track otherwise.

Again thanks for the hard work and generous offer of your talents.

Airbeat

--- 帖子 #484 ---
[quote=tgiambarberee;2584131]

Hope it helps !............T

--- 帖子 #485 ---
The next version of vForceAlerts will be released early next week.

It has been compiled on MT4 Build 221, so make sure you get the updated build from your broker over the next few days.

vForceAlerts V20090306 new features

1. Full support for 4/5/6 decimal brokers on any pair.

2. Optional stop price labels with adjustable levels.

3. Email alerts including entry price, stop, and risk pips.

And a few other goodies we've been talking about in the chat... RD

--- 帖子 #486 ---
Hello again FJ and ROBDEE , would it be proper to talk about money management at this stage of the game , so to speak . Everyone plays different depending on account size and what is recommended.... 1% , 2% of account , and on and on and on ...Or is this to talk about at a different time or a different thread .... I will respect Your answer and follow Your input about this ........ After all , money management is the true " Holy Grail" ,........  With the Utmost Thanks for This Trading Style .......  buffalopip.....

--- 帖子 #487 ---
I wish i used the trailing stop this am like was sugesred in ur doc i would have made even more doe re me

--- 帖子 #488 ---
Finally got our break up as we bounced off the 50 fib three times before breaking out. Again we see price exhaust itself out at an overbought Murrey level. Possibility of 100+ pips if you took the full ride!

--- 帖子 #489 ---
On Gbp/Usd we had a couple of trades with the last one being watched very cautiously. Notice how price bounced back up and just touched the 8/8. Pretty uncanny how that works sometimes huh?

--- 帖子 #490 ---
Which indi is giveing you those arrows please attach them if you dont mind and thanks for the education .

--- 帖子 #491 ---
Gbp/Chf had another great setup with a 50 fib retrace along with some resistance at the 7/8 Murrey. There were numerous places to exit along the way depending on the trader's trigger finger. Plus, we have a new signal just as I was saving my screenshot.

--- 帖子 #492 ---
Could you attach the Murrey indi you use for S/R please ?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #493 ---
Gbp/Jpy looked as we were going to see a nice drop with a 61.8 fib retracement which dropped to trigger our trade, but then just shot back up and almost took out my stop at the 86 fib. As price came back down I'd figure I better just close this out since the NFP is probably going to start playing havoc with the pairs in a few more hours and just shutdown trading for the day.

***UPDATE***

Price did fall to the 61.8 ext. for those who got in.

--- 帖子 #494 ---
Sure, but remember it is a multi time frame Murrey indicator so make sure you put in the proper timeframe in the inputs.

--- 帖子 #495 ---
FJ - I think it would be a good idea to place a link to this post in Post #1.

J.

--- 帖子 #496 ---
does this chart look correct for today

--- 帖子 #497 ---
Here is some reading material for those wanting to learn PA and also a good book on psychology.

I really love the price action of the patterns (LCD and HCD) in the book. Hope it helps those of u trading vForce!

________________________________________________________________
http://www.4shared.com/file/59322681..._268p.html?s=1

http://www.4shared.com/file/59323176..._294p.html?s=1

http://www.4shared.com/file/59313984..._184p.html?s=1

--- 帖子 #498 ---
Wow thanks for this great indicator

Regards

--- 帖子 #499 ---
[quote=tgiambarberee;2584131]

Thank you

--- 帖子 #500 ---
Hey Mer,

I like your analysis.

Do you also trade EURUSD and can post sth similar for that?

Regards, Lowen

--- 帖子 #501 ---
Rob, Jedi,

Im running your (excellent) indicator in two separate MT4 on separate computers. Both are connected to Alpari Demo account.

What is strange is that yesterday I got two different signals :

-On one computer, got a blue candle at M15 : 2009.03.05 16:00

Buy Label 1.25662

-Other computer, got a blue candle at M15 : 2009.03.05 15:30

Buy Label 1.25392

Both GMT+1

Is the only explanation that both feeds must be slightly different ? They should be the same since it's the same broker... but i've no proof of this.

Or can the indi react differently on two exactly identical feeds ? (which would be surprising, your indi seems not repainting at all....)

--- 帖子 #502 ---
Is anybody in the current trade?

--- 帖子 #503 ---
yes.

and already cut loss

since it is negative 50 ++ , that's very big for me

--- 帖子 #504 ---
just got a new signal

hopefully, this will be profitable

--- 帖子 #505 ---
I passed. It was at the top of the Murrey indicator mer071898 posted.

--- 帖子 #506 ---
guitarz - sorry to hear about the trade, but FJ did emphasize caution earlier today...

--- 帖子 #507 ---
Hi guys,

Not good to trade on Friday afternoons, let alone NFP day. Keep the pips in the bank till Monday morning. With any strategy you also need to also use the best analyser we have - between our ears.

Have a good weekend all, look forward to Part two.

S

--- 帖子 #508 ---
I notice that some people say that they have losers with this system. We all have losers, it is part of the job. We need to remember that just because we get a signal for a trade, does not mean to take it blindly. Do your due diligence before hand, and know where you would get into and out of a trade if the PA goes that way. I have alot of losers, but i am still learning. Heck, who did not make mistakes when learning a new profession.

--- 帖子 #509 ---
This was the eurusd today so you can compare with your chart.

A disaster, terrible with this "system".

eTrader

--- 帖子 #510 ---
What you've just said is 100% correct.

--- 帖子 #511 ---
Guys please note that the long trigger was right into R2, so you should not have taken it; the latest short played out very well as it was a bounce off R2 with target on PP or trail.

forexjedi wii explain all these next week

Chart attached

--- 帖子 #512 ---
I pulled my trade out with only twenty pips when it stalled, but i feel ok. I was lucky on this one.

--- 帖子 #513 ---
I have decided to go forward with the release of the source code to the vForce EA.

--- 帖子 #514 ---
this is very fine, RR.

Have u now discussed the neccessary points with Robdee for a legal entry?

I understand it has some possibilities for Exit Management SL/TP & TS? Is that correct?

btw I could not reply to the linked thread you posted.#

Lowen

--- 帖子 #515 ---
RobDee gave me the necessary code I needed to make the EA interface properly with the indicator. Unless there is an upgrade to the underlying indicator, I don't expect there to be any problems.

You can also post now.

--- 帖子 #516 ---
I sure hope this thread does not get taken over by EA enthusiasts. That's not what the originators wanted, and have stated pretty much. Myself, i don't think the source code should have ben released.

--- 帖子 #517 ---
Guitarz, I agreed with Iholcolb and howard, If you would've had the Murrey indicator or any support or resistance lines on your chart it may have save you from entering this one. Also notice how price just touched the 161.8 ext. and reversed, hmmmm?

I didn't take any more trades this morning as I refuse to trade on NFP days after 4-5 am est. Will be back on Sunday, good luck all.

I hope your EA works out for us Ronald. I did like the idea that someone brought up about when the signal occurs to have an EA place our pending orders and stops then automatically close the orders after 4 bars but still allow us to manually manage the trade or close out the orders if we so desire. Maybe you could make an automatic and a semi-automatic version for us.

--- 帖子 #518 ---
The EA opens a trade when there is a signal. If the price breaks the proper level at the right time, it places a trade. As for trade management, you're more than welcome to disable it. And there you have a semi-automatic EA. Automated entry, manual exit.

--- 帖子 #519 ---
Hi Forexjedi,

I would like to congratulate you and Robdee. This system is excellent. I discovered your thread yesterday and i set up the template as stipulated. The first signal was 06.15 (London time) today and it gave a little bit more than 100 pips. The second one was 15.45 this afternoon and it gave more than 30 pips. I thank you guys for your selfless service to humanity. I also say bravo to Raygun that is always ready to help everybody in the forum.

Merci a tous.

Polapip

--- 帖子 #520 ---
Hi all,

Can everyone please read post 479! Ronald Raygun can you please remove the EA as people will loose money!!! There is not way at the moment to trade this strategy with an EA. I beg you all to follow and read my comments on post 479 or you will be doomed to failure. This is for everyones own good. Again please read post 479! Im going to ask that people respect these rules as thats all I can do. Obviously theres nothing I can do about it if no one wants to follow them but the people that dont will ruin things for the people that do want to learn. I spent a great deal of time developing this system around the indicators that ive selected and the missing peices to the puzzle will be added shortly when I post the advanced rules on sunday. This first week was intended to get people used to the indicator. Again please read post 479! I beg people to follow these rules. If the rules are not going to be followed the end result will be the slow death of this thread due to corruption of the system. Post 479. Lastly at end of day today I will post all trades from this week and my stats. Again I beg everyone to follow my thread rules. Thank you!

FJ

--- 帖子 #521 ---
Thank you Forexjedi for that post.

--- 帖子 #522 ---
FJ Im with you all the way!

--- 帖子 #523 ---
PM for you ForexJedi

--- 帖子 #524 ---
We need to get off the EA subject, it just ruins the thread.

--- 帖子 #525 ---
Richards, I don't believe that will happen as it was already talked about before and I think a new thread will be started when an EA becomes available. Personally, I like EAs and use a very successful one. EAs are no more than computer programs, and with the proper programming can take the drudgery out of such things as chart watching.

--- 帖子 #526 ---
I don't think Ronald has ruined anything. He has respectfully placed his EA in a completely different thread and as he has stated earlier you can use this EA to place your pending orders but still manually manage the trade which is what I was looking for myself.

forexjedi, there are numerous EAs out there that are profitable. So, in all due respect, please keep an open mind and consider having just an EA to open orders not only benefits myself, as I am looking at testing multiple pairs, and would benefit others who may be doing the same.

Again, with full respect to you and this awesome system, I totally agree that an fully automated EA would probably not be very efficient because you have to have the ability to recognize what the market is doing instinctually, but a semi-auto EA might be beneficial. And out of that respect, I hope all that are interested in this EA please post all questions on the EA thread and not here.

--- 帖子 #527 ---
I totally agree.  Why do we keep going over the same thing over and over again???

--- 帖子 #528 ---
Hello Forexjedi,

I agree with you that this thread should not discuss ea's as your system is a manual trading system which requires judgment to be profitable. This is a nice system for manual traders. For those people thinking an ea can be made for this manual system I would not get your hopes up. Based on some backtesting a friend of mine did showed an ea would not do very well.

Regards,

Jeff

--- 帖子 #529 ---
I am outa here till Sunday. Have a good weekend to all.

--- 帖子 #530 ---
Hi ForexJedi.

I have a suggestion. Maybe you can think about it.

There may be Ronalds or also other EA threads appearing for this system, I think it is very hard to control that this does not happen over time.

As you stated, the Problem is, if EAs exist, people try to ask questions about it in this thread or might have problems with EAs they wanna get solved here. Also the system might suffer from it, I understand exactly what u mean.

How about let EA threads be EA threads, and make a BIG marker in your initial post on this thread that everything concerning EAs is not supported and is not allowed to be discussed over here.

I suggest this because from experience I know otherwise there will always be new questions about this and also new ideas related to EAs.

But I think it's almost impossible to keep interested people from thinking and constructing EAs for any system to their likes..

What do you think about this suggestion?

Ronalds EA discussion here => (http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?p=2585498)

--- 帖子 #531 ---
Hello everyone,

first of all thank you very much for so much work in this trading system and providing it to us!

While reading the system i had a question concerning Money/Risk-Management.

I trade with RBS Marketindex (like Oanda) and i would like to know how much of risk i should take. Do you take a fixed number of lots e.g. at IBFX to trade?

(e.g. 5 lots and sell 4 lots after 20pips?) or do you trade a special value regarding to the risk in the market?

Since we have to set the SL for a long at 10pips below the low of the candle, the heigh of the candle is different all the time, so if you invest e.g. 5 lots and set SL like it is described in the pdf, then you risk different amounts each time, depending on the heigh of the candle...

Or isn´t it better to calculate a risk, e.g. 1% of the account and then adjust the lots to the candle and stop size?

(e.g. 5.000$ account, 1% risk per trade = 50$ risk, candle is 40pips heigh + 10 pips below = 50 pips risk, so i choose as many lots, as the risk does not exceed 50$?)

I hope you understand what i want to know :-)

Cheers,

j0ker

--- 帖子 #532 ---
FJ and RobDee

Thanks guys for posting this system so generously and unselfishly.  I've spent the last 3 hours or so reading through the thread and after looking at all the posted screenshots, I can tell it's a great system.

It's a shame that there's always someone who wants to jump on the bandwagon and try to improve the system with an EA.

For all those who come into the thread, please, please, please, keep the good vibe.  Respectfully follow the rules and the wishes of ForexJedi and RobDee. What is so difficult about that?

Rules are rules.  If you don't like it, then go somewhere else and start up your own thread.

As for me and all the others who are following this thread, thanks for keeping the good vibe and learning a little something from someone who does know how to trade profitably.

Thank you ForexJedi and thank you RobDee!

All the best,

Algis

--- 帖子 #533 ---
Funny thing is......I see post after post complaining about how EA talk will disrupt the thread.  LOL then stop talking about it!

On a side note.......the long earlier today was just under the monthly pivot.  Another no trade imo.

todd

--- 帖子 #534 ---
Hi everybody. I can’t express how excited I was yesterday when I found this thread .This system is a great baby and I hope we will see it grow and get strong.
Today I spent time back testing this system and this is what I found.

.I use forex simulator  program to do that.
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=70742

My advise for every one if you think you know how to trade this system check your skills with this program before trading on real money.

I did test it for four days  November 3-6 .  I stopped to test it because I think we need more knowledge about this system.

I have  10 trades,
4 losses.

Losses took all my profits. I started with 10000  ended with 9920 using 1 lot
0.8 ----80%   0.2 --- 20%.

2 losses happened right in front (7-8 ) pips of strong resistance level
And other 2  losses  system get signal without respect of  “bigger picture” or  main trend.
No one will   take those trades manually that is why it is absolutely useless to
Spend time on making  EA.

System needs some kind of backbone like slow main indicator SMA50 or slow MACD or something on a higher timeframe to look on. It will give the DIRECTION and indicators will do the rest.
Every system should have something like that. This is first suggestion. It will also remove problem like on a first picture.

Thank you Forexjedi and RobDee for you hard work. (I wish I can do something for everybody as you did.)

--- 帖子 #535 ---
another suggestion.

--- 帖子 #536 ---
Thesee few posts are another excellent example of why we should not be using any EA's.  This is a signal generating system and as such other factors must be taken into account before an entry is executed.  Something an EA will not do.

Hence the reason ForexJedi has pleaded with everyone to not try to use an EA.  You will incurr too many losses.   It is not the holy grail and needs manual entries and exits.

Having said that, I love the system and the signals it does generate.  I'm sure it will be very profitable when used correctly.

See you all after the weekend.

--- 帖子 #537 ---
I don't know enough about indicators to find out, but is there an expiration on this indicator that expires after 12 months or so?

--- 帖子 #538 ---
Thanks for the links.

Have you a link for Mark Douglas "Trading In The Zone" ?

I have just ordered it from Amazon but that will take a few days to arrive so a PDF version would be handy to read the start for now

Thanks

WG

--- 帖子 #539 ---
Hi all,

I have started a new thread for the EU only. No EAs, outside pairs, outside indicators. This new thread will be used for manually trading vForce EU only 15min chart. The current here will be used for EAs, othe pairs and expirimental trading. To study the EU only and learn to master this pair and the forex market click here http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=156640.

This thread will remain here for experimental studies. That means do what ever you want. I will still participate in this thread as it will be a valuable tool for future development. Ronald Raygun go nuts with your EA. Others post whater pairs, time frames and indicators you want. Lets see what happens and what kind of results we can get.

FJ

--- 帖子 #540 ---
I really like what I see so far!  FJ & robdee, awesome job.  Look forward to the advanced level.  On chat I've seen some people saying they are using this on multiple pairs, do either of you two have an view on this?

--- 帖子 #541 ---
heres trading in the zone

--- 帖子 #542 ---
Robdee,

When do you think the next update will be released?  Still interested in the mail option.

Thanks

MH

--- 帖子 #543 ---
First, thanks FJ for starting another thread. What a neat solution to the problem. This thread is the sandpit where we try out stuff, throw toys around, take toys apart and generally figure out new stuff - great idea!

I will be releasing the next version of vForceAlerts next week.

As this is the wild & hairy development/experimental thread I thought I'd show you all what I've done in the next version.

Inserted Code Notes1              = 'vForce' trading system by ForexJedi
PaintSignalCandles  = True            painting of signal candle bodies on the price chart
PaintConfirmCandles = True            painting of confirm candle bodies on the price chart
ConfirmPips         = 10              number of pips to exceed signal candle to confirm it
StopPips            = 10              number of pips above/below a signal candle for stop loss
ShowConfirmPrices   = True            print price labels at confirm prices
ShowStopPrices      = False           print price labels at stoploss prices
RightSidePrices     = True            print price labels on the right side instead of the left side
AlertPopups         = True            enable alert popup window
AlertSoundFile      = "alert2.wav"    the WAV file must be located in the MT4sounds folder, ("" means disable sounds)
AlertSoundRepeats   = 3               number of times the WAV file will be repeated after the first alert sound
AlertEmailSubject   = "vForce Signal" subject for email alert messages, ("" means disable emails)
MaxRiskPercent      = 1.0             percent risk used to calculate lots for status and email messages
ShowAlertArrows     = False           print alert arrows on the price chart (default = disabled)
PaintDojiCloses     = False           HCD and LCD candles painted with confirm candle colours (default = disabled)

I do this to invite comments that may prove useful now because I don't plan another feature release for quite a while. If I don't pick up on your suggestion in this massive thread then you are welcome to PM me about it. RD

P.S. Make sure you get Metatrader Build 221 update.
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...78#post2584278

--- 帖子 #544 ---
Is the interface with this new version the same as with the old one?

--- 帖子 #545 ---
Still trying to work out the difference between these two threads?

Has this thread now evolved into an EA thread and the new one MANUAL only?

--- 帖子 #546 ---
Saw no reply as yet, so doing it now.

AFAIK, no expiry. This is a "Custom Indicator" for which you can view the source. The only MT thing I have seen expire is an "Expert Advisor" that was provided, for a time-limited trial, without source. Don't confuse what is described here in the Force realm with the get-rich-quick Robot world.

HTH

--- 帖子 #547 ---
Hi ForexJedi,

I like your solution!

But I think it's unfair to be so harsh to Ronald Raygun.

He loves to brew EAs for systems he thinks are worth it (not talking what an EA can or cannot do for VForce).

In the beginning of the thread you welcomed an EA under certain circumstances.

RR then further forged that EA he began, hoping to present it here.

After he kindly links to another thread with his source, you hit him.

Just my 2 cents,

I'm now happy to have said that and will visit both threads.

Thanks again for your great efforts and systems.

Kind REgards, Lowen

[EDIT] FJ, if I got you wrong here, I apologize herewith.

--- 帖子 #548 ---
Ronald Raygun go nuts with your ea.The last sentence then says,Lets see what kind of results we can get.

This makes me think that Jedi is encouraging rather than putting down,Thats how I see it but I guess we will see.

--- 帖子 #549 ---
Just wanted to say Thanks. Your system is awesome. I usually trade the daily charts, so trying to get use to the fast pace of the 15min. chart. I have been sucessful with Eur/Usd and Eur/Jpy. You definitely need either fib, murrey math grid or some type of support/ resistance levels. This will aid you in visual aspect of the trades. You need to watch where the price sits in relation to support and resistance levels. This will help alot and be profitable. Adjusting your lot size can be good and/or bad. By using either fib, grid or s/r levels will help with lot sizing you choose. But please remember

GREED KILLS! Take your profits and run. Like a boxer stick and jab keep moving.

Once again Thanks,

Paul

--- 帖子 #550 ---
Hi guys thx for the new cool system
I tested the system many times , its work good, especially if respect the support & resistence points , for that also good to use the Fibo levels the other thing its better  & safely to go with the trend , I test the system with EurUSD, UDSJPY, GBPUSD its all work.
Thanx again

--- 帖子 #551 ---
Lowen,

Im glad you like my solution. I dont feel im being harsh to RR, as a matter of fact he has the perfect chance to create his EA here with many traders anticipating thet he can get it done for them in a profitable manner. I like RR and I think hes talented. I hope he can see the oppritunity he has here to expose hiself to the FX world even more with his fantastic MT4 programming skills.

--- 帖子 #552 ---
Hi all,

Fxjedi and Ray are great guys of FF. I do not think that EA issue should prevent us from getting to the real matter here which is how we can all frustrate those brokers and get more pips to our bank accounts.

One thing about both guys is they want to help everyone. Though I am not a fan of EAs I always welcome skilled programmers like Ray who wants to make life easier for others. I think it is enough that Fxjedi has discouraged EAs here and Ray has taken note of that. So lets just go on guys

--- 帖子 #553 ---
trust,

I have started a new thread for the EU only manual trading. This is so everyone who wants to speak about EAs and other indicators and pairs can do so here without interupting the main focus of my thread which is learning to trade manually and profitable. The thread is vFORCE EU only.

FJ

--- 帖子 #554 ---
I am expressing my gratitude to You,robdee and MT4 for your great contributions to human capital development.I'm a beneficiary of the two strategies,thanks.

--- 帖子 #555 ---
A great solution, and I agree with you about RR. This way, the purists who want no talk of EAs can pay attention only to the other thread. I'll be visiting both, because I believe EAs can work and work well if properly programmed.

--- 帖子 #556 ---
please click the link below for vForce Advanced

http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...3&postcount=37

FJ

--- 帖子 #557 ---
well now you are improving jedi price action is truly the leading indicator cant see how the indicator confirms the price action but thats your call. 1 thing i would like you and everyone else to think about is this money management all you say is dont trade more than 1% of acct theres more to mm than that heres my point if we had 10000 1% would be a risk of 100 so if i had a stop of say 50 pips i would trade it at 2 mini lots( how do you take off 80% that question 1) so lets say you lose now acct is at 9900 1% of that is 99 lets say you even win 50 you will not even break even i now its only  1.00 but when it and i hope it does get into large numbers you will be losing even if you win 50% of the time hope you dont take this the wrong way noone ever talks about mm just making lots of pips

--- 帖子 #558 ---
Harold,

Nice to see you back and thank you for the complement. The system has an average profit range of 95 pips. We will cover your concerns and extrememly valid points trade per trade next week. I hope to see you there.

FJ

--- 帖子 #559 ---
Hey Harold,

Why don't you chill out and wait for the 3 parts to be brought together as a fully integrated method?  Who knows, you might learn something?  You might even be prepared to retract the libellous statements you are currently making on your own thread:

http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...postcount=4771

In case you were not aware, libel is deformation of character in writing and leaves one open to the possibility of being sued in a court of law, so your inference that FJ is some sort of con artist may just come back to haunt you.

--- 帖子 #560 ---
Hi,

I have saved the template and the indicator and restarted my computer but when i try to load them on the 15m charts, its not in the menu. The strange thing is when i look at the root directory of my program files where ibfx resides, the vforce templates and indicators are there. But they are just not showing up on the menu when i try to load the templates. By the way the version of MT4 which i am using is Version 4, build 220, 7 Nov 2008.What am i doing wrong here? would appreciate any help, thanks!

--- 帖子 #561 ---
Download and install it and see if that fixes things.

--- 帖子 #562 ---
What Harold said is not defamatory.

In the United States (where the publication took place) and who's laws would govern it, to be defamatory, there must be one of the following allegations:

(i) accusing someone of a crime; (ii) alleging that someone has a foul or loathsome disease; (iii) adversely reflecting on a person’s fitness to conduct his business or trade; and (iv) imputing serious sexual misconduct (especially the chastity of a woman).

Harold said the system was a con.

This could simply mean that the system does not work.

To be libelous, the statement would have to have gone much farther. It would have had to specifically alleged a crime- for example that the system was being sold on fraudulent pretenses.

Giving a system away, can not be a criminal act, no matter what claims are made about it.

Ironically, your post could possibly be considered libelous. Criminal libel statutes exist in the United States.

To falsely accuse someone of defamation, may of itself, be libelous.

--- 帖子 #563 ---
The point is Harold sure likes to slam methods that conentrate on making pips and lack the discussion of MM.  I can see his point, somewhat.  But it seems his only opinion on most of these new threads is "Where's the MM".

On the the other side, what's the point of MM if you can't make pips.  I want to consistently make pips and then work on the MM.

todd

--- 帖子 #564 ---
When you zip the file, the complete folders are placed in the file. So, what you have to do is for indicators:

1) open the vforce folder in the programs/experts/indicators file

2) select all

3) copy

4) go back to programs/experts

5) highlight indicators

6) paste

For templates (for black and/or white):

1) open the vforce template folder the programs/fxdd/templates file

2) select all

3) copy

4) go back to programs/fxdd

5) highlight templates

6) paste

--- 帖子 #565 ---
ok let me rephrase to extract my meaning when i said con i was inferring that if indicators lag and you take 8 of them in my opinion they would lag 8 times as much to just trade via a red light green light 123 mentality is 100% wrong i was in not way referring to jedi and being a con artist or anything of this nature at all there are 100"s of ways to anaylze the market and if he has contructed a way to achieve success THANK GOD FOR THAT! now with out mm you can be right 80% of the time and still lose money on the other hand you can be right 30% of the time and make money why is that? (MM) so then its not about make pips but money to some it might seem the same but its not

--- 帖子 #566 ---
Hi Guys...

I have known Harold as a trader and friend for many years and I can assure you he is a "real trader" and a very honest and helpful person. I don't think Harold is trying to slam FJ or his method in any way. I do know that Harold has a very strict methodology that he follows and his MM is one of the key elements. I'm sure his comments are only intended to be helpful.

--- 帖子 #567 ---
Re: Harold,

Harold is a good trader. He knows as well as I do you need the items from vForce advanced to be a success on any level in FX. Money Management is extrememly important and Harold is correct with his comments above re money management. WE should drop this issue now and move on. Harold and I have worked any missundestandings via PM and I ask that all respect Harold for his MM skills as im sure he will be around with his opinions to help people out if he has some free time.

FJ

--- 帖子 #568 ---
Just a few notes for today, since FJ is tackling the Eur/Usd I will be watching the other three pairs on my charts, Gbp/Usd, Gbp/Chf, and Gbp/Jpy.

On the Gbp/Usd, we already have a retrace to the 38.2 but no signal as of yet. We will need to watch for a small move up as the 76.4 fib from the downswing (in purple) is in between the 61.8 and 38.2 fib extensions.

***UPDATE***

Price has now retraced to the 61.8 fib and we also have a confluence at the 61.8 and the -1/8 murrey line (See pic 2). Targets will remain the same for now.

--- 帖子 #569 ---
As for the Gbp/Chf, We have two good signals so far and are hoping to shoot for the profit targets shown. But, make sure to watch how price reacts around the 5/8 and 6/8 Murrey lines and any of the fib retracements from the down move in purple.

***UPDATE***

We now have a third signal and price is being rejected by the 3/8 Murrey line reinforcing a long position. (See pic 2)

--- 帖子 #570 ---
Gbp/Jpy also presented two opportunities but price is being rejected and the 61.8 fib and the 100 ext. as you can see in the chart. Hopefully we should see a sell opportunity soon. But be careful as we can see an oversold level near the bottom of the fib swings. The Murrey indicator may redraw as price moves closer this so be patient and aware around this area.

Remember, these are only my opinions on whether or not to enter trades and are only to be taken as advice and analysis.

--- 帖子 #571 ---
The latest version that everyone should be using is at this link.

vForceAlerts V20090304
http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost.php?p=2575585

I will provide support for vForceAlerts in this thread.
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=155871

Enjoy! RD

PS I don't know exactly what went into the Advanced Pack. It sounds like it does not match the templates, hence the issues with price labels.

--- 帖子 #572 ---
Well, it looks like the larger fib swing down has taken over here and we've also had a redraw of the Murrey indicator putting the 50 fib at an oversold level. We had a short signal and entered with an easy exit at the 0/8 Murrey for 30+pips.

--- 帖子 #573 ---
Same as the Gbp/Usd, it looks like the larger down fib has taken over. Once the Murrey redrew on the Gbp/Chf we immediately closed out our 3 long trades and waited for a possible short signal since now price is showing overbought, even touching the +2/8 right on the money. We will exit again at the 0/8 unless the 76.4 or 86 fibs hold.

***UPDATE***

Price has hit my target (see pic 2) and I'm closed out with 46 pips and added it to the other three long trades  which I had to close out early because of the redrawing of the Murrey indicator which totaled 43 pips. That's a total of 89 pips for this morning on this pair alone and we'll see what else develops.

--- 帖子 #574 ---
Well this pair is driving me crazy! The smaller fib swing is showing the short signal is too close to our extensions but the price did retrace back up to form a pin bar at the 76.4 fib and might still break down from the 50 fib of the larger down fibs so we'll have to keep an eye on it. That's three signals and three "no trades" for me as I see them as being too risky. Make sure to watch the Murrey if it redraws. If it does you'll have to re-evaluate the chart again. Just like Gbp/Usd and Gbp/Chf, if I wasn't checking after each new bar, I know I would have been caught with negative trades, especially on the three trades on the Gbp/Usd.

***UPDATE***

Took out a small 15 pips here on the fourth signal as I was not comfortable with how close I was to the extensions. But, as always, I'm not greedy and a win is a win.

--- 帖子 #575 ---
Over in the Force5 thread I've posted the Trader Manager EA that I use.

It only manages trades that are already open. It does not open trades.

UpdateStops EA V20090308
http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...postcount=2405

The default settings are for Force5. These are easily changed to accommodate other MM strategies. RD

--- 帖子 #576 ---
Is this the version with the email alerts?

--- 帖子 #577 ---
Traders, this version of vForceAlerts includes new features.On-chart status display in a text label controlled by the user. Email alerts including entry, stop, lots, and risk information. Support for 2/3/4/5-decimal prices on any currency pair. Optional stoploss price labels. User settings for all label colors. Support for vForceAlerts belongs in this thread (vForce the revolution).

Note: Confirm candles (green) are now only painted when price reaches the confirm price. No other confirm rules are used.

Inserted Code +-----------------------------------------------------+
| INDICATOR                         vForceAlerts.ex4  |
| copy to [experts\indicators] and attach to chart    |
| status messages printed in Experts tab of terminal  |
+-----------------------------------------------------+
| Alerts for 'vForce' are NOT FILTERED by design.     |
| Every qualified signal candle triggers an alert.    |
+-----------------------------------------------------+
| This is free experimental software.                 |
| No guarantees are expressed or implied.             |
| Feedback welcome via Forex Factory private message. |
+-----------------------------------------------------+

INDICATOR_VERSION    20090310
INDICATOR_NAME       "vForceAlerts"
RELEASE_LEVEL        "Public"
MT4_BUILD            221

USER SETTINGS
PaintSignalCandles  = True             painting of signal candle bodies on the price chart
PaintConfirmCandles = True             painting of confirm candle bodies on the price chart
ConfirmPips         = 10               number of pips to exceed signal candle to confirm it
StopPips            = 10               number of pips above/below a signal candle for stop loss
ShowConfirmPrices   = True             print price labels at confirm prices
ShowStopPrices      = False            print price labels at stop loss prices (default = disabled)
ShowAlertArrows     = False            print alert arrows on the price chart (default = disabled)
AlertPopups         = True             enable alert popup window
AlertSoundFile      = "alert2.wav"     the WAV file must be located in the MT4sounds folder, (blank means disable sounds)
AlertSoundRepeats   = 3                number of times the WAV file will be repeated after the first alert sound
AlertEmailSubject   = "vForce Signal"  subject for email alert messages, (blank means disable emails)
RiskPerTrade        = 1.0              percent risk used to calculate lots for status and email messages
StatusLabelName     = "VFstatuslabel"  name of text label object to use for displaying status on the chart
RightSideLabels     = False            print price labels on the right side instead of the left side
LabelSize           = 1
ConfirmLabelBuy     = DarkBlue
ConfirmLabelSell    = Red
StopLabelBuy        = Gray
StopLabelSell       = Gray

INDICATOR COLOURS
0 DarkBlue   BUY alert arrows
1 Red        SELL alert arrows
2 Green      BULLISH confirm candle body
3 Green      BEARISH confirm candle body
4 DarkBlue   BULLISH signal candle body
5 Red        BEARISH signal candle body
Email setup in MT4 [Tools.Options] is required as below.

Attached Image

The templates have been updated. Default.tpl is used for new charts and is the same as vForceAlerts_white.tpl. Enjoy! RD

This version of vForceAlerts.ex4 is V20090310

--- 帖子 #578 ---
thanks....

btw. the recent signal going long at 1.27140

is it a good one ?

--- 帖子 #579 ---
As you always ..  good work MR robdee & thanks a lot for your help for new traders it’s a rely good system & we are going to test the updating one .. but little more help plz…. do I have to edit the updating version you released, to adjust it according my needsOn-chart status display in a text label controlled by the user.  Email alerts including entry, stop, lots, and risk information.  Support for 2/3/4/5-decimal prices on any currency pair. ( I used FXCM some times with 2.5 spread.  Optional stoploss price labels.  User settings for all label colors.  & Where I can make the editing if I want

--- 帖子 #580 ---
the latest signal is short at 1.2662! Am I correct??

--- 帖子 #581 ---
just about same as mine, 1.26632

--- 帖子 #582 ---
Hi rob..

To be clear it seems to me that this latest version of vforce has an EA built into it that triggers a trade once the signal is confirmed. Not bad

--- 帖子 #583 ---
OK, vForceAlerts provides trading information in the Experts tab and email alerts. It does not place any trades, it cannot, it is an indicator not an EA.

It also provides that on-screen display of your current profit and risk status.

Pip-Stud thanks for your input.

--- 帖子 #584 ---
Alhadi_w, welcome to vForce.

If I understand you correctly you want to change vForceAlerts properties.

Use the [Charts.Indicators List] menu, then select vForceAlerts, then click the Edit button.

--- 帖子 #585 ---
Traders, one of the most common questions in the chat has been about candle colours. If the colours don't look right it is probably because you have not applied the new templates.

Start off with my new template and then adjust according to your preferences. When you have it the way you want it save it with your initials, for example FJ_vForceAlerts_white.tpl. That way if things get screwed up you can always revert back to the template I provided.

If you have a support question about any chart colours my first response will be - which template have you used ?

I think this is worth mentioning because I see far more downloads of vForceAlerts.ex4 than I see downloads of the new templates. Enjoy! RD

vForceAlerts latest version with correct templates in Post 577
http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...&postcount=577

--- 帖子 #586 ---
Great update here Robdee.

Thanks!

Lowen

--- 帖子 #587 ---
starting date -1st jan 2008

ending date-  4th feburary 2009

trade condition :vforce signal and confirmation tag hit in the next bar.

total trades :353

TRADES HITTING TP1(20 PIPS)=263

TRADES HITTING TP2(30 PIPS)=242

TRADES HITTING SL 90

WINNING PERCENTAGE AROUND 70% RECOMMENDED TARGET 30 PIPS

RECOMMENDED REQUEST IS TO DECREASE THE SL.

--- 帖子 #588 ---
great analysis..

honestly i lov this system.. FJ, you did the good job.

--- 帖子 #589 ---
robdee,
Thank you very much for the quit good system & from my testing of this system this is my result:

most of the trades are Quit good depending on the two things
1- Respecting support & resistence lines.
2- not to trade during the ringing markets

and realy its good to use Emas to be sure of the right time to enter even the system give the green candel.

thx again

--- 帖子 #590 ---
Hello Rob,

Sterling work as usual,  well done.  One issue has arisen on my platform though which I would appreciate your advice on.  Same thing happened on V1, then V2 was OK but now back, namely, no price line is shown on the chart, black template, only the tag on the right hand side. The ask line shows up if requested via chart properties but no normal price line, any ideas?

On an aside I think that your Update Stops EA is the most useful EA I have come across, best thing since sliced bread.

Keep up the good work.

--- 帖子 #591 ---
Good analysis!

5 questions:

1. Did you took into consideration only trades validated on the next bar after the signal bar?

2.What SL conditions did you use?

3. have you considered spreads?

4. I assume you followed only EU. Can you confirm this?

5. What trading sessions produced these results?

Thanx for the reply.

Best of pips

Necre

--- 帖子 #592 ---
Just go back into the chart properties and change the grid color from what may be black, to another color such as grey.  Should be fine then.

thx,

todd

--- 帖子 #593 ---
this is a real newbie question and probably answered herein somewhere.  If i place a pending stop order for 10 pips, this includes the 2 for spread or do i add?

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #594 ---
Buy stops add the spread.  Sell stops no need to add spread.

todd

--- 帖子 #595 ---
Robdee,

I just wanted to thank you for adding the mail alert to the indicator.  It has worked great.  Thanks for being open to our requests and suggestions.  All the best.

MH

--- 帖子 #596 ---
Hello Todd,

Funnily enough grid was set to white but I played around with colours and white then showed up, odd.

Thanks for the tip.

--- 帖子 #597 ---
1.Yes

2.10 pips lower than signal bar for buy and 10 pips above signal bar for sell is the sl condition as described by fj no change in that.

3.Ibfx terminal is taken the standard terminal for calculation offer price is the black line we see on the ibfx platform that line is considered while doing calculation.

4.Yes only eu 15 min as this is only valid with this system.

5.Fj prefers london session and ny session but in this calculation all sessions are taken into count 24/5 obviously if u trade it in the given sessions ur probablity will rise and trades will be lesser in no.

--- 帖子 #598 ---
Thank you FD for your answer.

I have one more request... Can you evaluate the average value of SL ?

To be honest, this is the single thing that bothers me about this strat - sometimes i need to set the SL level more then 50 pips away

All best

Necre

--- 帖子 #599 ---
I placed a pending order to go long after getting a blue signal candle, The order was filled but the candle never turned green?

This was with MIG brokers?

The price then went south right after filling my order, should this be possible to happen with the v-force system??

Regards,  JoelD

--- 帖子 #600 ---
I also trade with MIG so I know from my own experience there is no problem there.

In the long standing tradition of Microsoft I must ask, "Have you upgraded to the lastest version ?"

The latest version of vForceAlerts is in post 577. Use the templates provided to get your candle colours sorted.
http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...&postcount=577

If you have already upgraded then check your version number in the Experts log. Might be you saved vForceAlerts.ex4 into the wrong folder - a common problem. Hope that get's your chart looking right - RD

--- 帖子 #601 ---
Hi Rob ,

Im not getting the 10 pip cofirmation . I looked in the alert to see if it was set to 10 pips and yes it is . Im useing IBFX . Any idea ? Thanks in advance for everything

--- 帖子 #602 ---
I think you mean you are not seeing the confirmation price labels ? Or is it the confirmation candles are not painted ? Which template are you using ?

The templates provided in post 577 are required to setup the indicator properly. Hope that helps. RD

--- 帖子 #603 ---
I want to thank forexjedi and robdee for there greatful work and I am impressed about there selflessness. For me in this moment I don't carel, if I will be successful with this approach or not. It's only great, to have people like forexjedi and robdee in such a forum and everybody here should demonstrate the minimum respect for them and there work, to read all the necessary documents from the beginning of this thread before asking them already answered questions.

--- 帖子 #604 ---
<snip>

Agree! There is a very old Internet acronym: RTFM

It has been interpreted as Read The ~Famous~ Manual but in this case

I would say Read The Forexjedi Manual!

--- 帖子 #605 ---
entry rules

V Force advanced + enter only when confrmation bar is next to signal bar+abnormal signal bars are avoided.

Total trades encountered 60

50% booking at 25 and 50% at 38

total winning trades 52

trades reaching tp1 (25)-52

trades reaching tp2 (38)- 45

sl condition close above/below confirmation bar

avg sl comes to be 34 using this condition

also winning percentage is 52/60 =86%

risk reward now 1:1 as average sl is 34 and avg tp is also around 34

* This is my observation and credit goes to the person who built the system i.e fj and robdee and in no way i want to change the tp and sl condition for other users its my manual observation and this tp and sl i will use for my trading.

cheers to the revolutionary team of vforce.

--- 帖子 #606 ---
FD,

Thanks for taking th time to post your rezsults. Just taking your above quote, I've got two questions.

1) How did you do the advanced vFoce on historical data? It seems like it will only be reliable when you're looking at the chart real-time.

2) Not sure what you mean by 'abnormal signal bars are avoided'. Please could you explain further.

Many thanks,

fb

--- 帖子 #607 ---
1) Fboy U can open 15 min eur usd chart put vforce on it and draw tl on it when we see a bounce and a failed retest and followed by a vforce signal (confirmation bar next to signal bar ) then just get in.

2) abnormal bar means a big signal bar its almost two times bigger than normal bars present in the vicinity.there wee not many abnormal bars but when they occured there is more of a probablity of quick reversal and as our sl is near so we cant bear that reversal so avoid them.

--- 帖子 #608 ---
Hi Everyone

Just discovered this wonderful thread yesterday and I loaded the most recent template. I have a question, which I'm sure has been asked a million times. I read the document and my understanding is that the green bars are confirming bars for either a red setup sell bar or a blue setup long bar. It seems in the white template I downloaded that the all setup bars (either sell or buy) are green and the confirming bars are now green for a buy validation or red for a sell confirmation. Is this correct?? Thanks for your help.

Peter

--- 帖子 #609 ---
Hi,

I have found this interesting system but when I load the template or just the indicator my platform breaks down. Could anyone please help?

Thanks in advance.

--- 帖子 #610 ---
Robdee

Hi. Firstly thanks for the great work on this trading system. I have a couple of questions:

1. For the system , is there a tool/EA/Indicator which i can use to close 80% of the trade off with a 20pip gain and let the balancing 20% carry on with the 50pip stop? I had a look at one tool/EA/Indicator you put on the site but wasn't sure it was what did the trick

2. Do you know what stage testing and analysis is to understand whether the 15min system works on other pairs? I have tried other pairs and they are going ok but I wasn't sure whether historical experience validates me continuing with other pairs or whether I should be wary and cautious

Regards

Vimal

--- 帖子 #611 ---
Welcome to vForce, both good questions and both in the right thread.

Yes, UpdateStops is the EA that can be used to manage vForce trades.

Inserted Code Notes1             = vForce Setup
TakeProfit1        = 20    close part of the trade when this target is reached
TakeProfit2        = 0     close part of the trade when this target is reached
TakeProfit3        = 0     close part of the trade when this target is reached
TakeProfit1Percent = 80    percentage of trade to close when TakeProfit1 is reached
TakeProfit2Percent = 0     percentage of trade to close when TakeProfit2 is reached
TakeProfit3Percent = 0     percentage of trade to close when TakeProfit3 is reached
HardStop           = 50    if SL is missing then SL will be added using HardStop value (0 means disabled)
MoveStop           = 50    move stop to BE (breakeven) when this profit target reached (0 means disabled)
TrailingStop       = 50    AFTER stop is moved to BE, the stop is trailed pip for pip (0 means disabled)

I am focused solely on EURUSD 15min.

However, anyone testing various pairs, timeframes, or other experiments are welcome to publish their findings in this thread. RD

--- 帖子 #612 ---
Usually this is caused by an old version of MT4. Use the [Help.About...] menu to see what version MT4 you have. Contact your broker for the latest version.

vForceAlerts version V20090310 for Public release, compiled with MetaTrader4 Build 221, Copyright  2009 Robert Dee, All Rights Reserved

--- 帖子 #613 ---
Petera, welcome to vForce

You have described this well and yes this is a very common question.

The solution is to use the template that matches the version of vForceAlerts.

Get everything you need from post 577 (delete everything else)
http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...&postcount=577

--- 帖子 #614 ---
Fellow Traders,

This is not an official 'battle hardened' release of vForce. This is the experimental thread so I'm giving everyone a chance to participate in future developments. I invite testing and comments from all the Force diehards.

If you are new to Forex or new to ForexJedi's Force systems don't start with vForceEdge - go back to the original Force5. vForceEdge is for battle-scarred veterans who have blown out live accounts and who understand and accept the limitations of even the best systems.

vForceEdge is the future of this system and if you are ready for this level of experimentation you will understand what you see on the charts without me having to explain everything.

Enjoy! RD

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Instructions and Settings

Inserted Code +-----------------------------------------------------+
| INDICATOR                           vForceEdge.EX4  |
| copy to [experts\indicators] then apply template    |
| status messages printed in Experts tab of terminal  |
+-----------------------------------------------------+
| This is free experimental software.                 |
| No guarantees are expressed or implied.             |
| Feedback welcome via Forex Factory private message. |
| Support in "vForce the revolution" FF forum thread. |
+-----------------------------------------------------+
author    [url="http://www.forexfactory.com/member.php?u=12983"]www.forexfactory.com/member.php?u=12983[/url]
support   [url="http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=155871"]www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=155871[/url]

INDICATOR_VERSION    20090318
INDICATOR_NAME       vForceEdge
RELEASE_LEVEL        Experimental
MT4_BUILD            221

[Inputs Tab]
PaintSignalCandles  = True              painting of signal candle bodies on the price chart
PaintConfirmCandles = True              painting of confirm candle bodies on the price chart
ConfirmBars         = 5                 number of bars to wait for a confirmation
ConfirmPips         = 10                number of pips to exceed signal candle to confirm it
StopPips            = 10                number of pips above/below a signal candle for stop loss
ShowConfirmPrices   = True              print price labels at confirm prices
ShowStopPrices      = False             print price labels at stop loss prices
ShowRetracePrices   = True              print price labels at retrace prices
ShowAlertArrows     = False             print alert arrows on the price chart (default = disabled)
AlertPopups         = True              enable alert popup window
AlertSoundFile      = alert2.wav        the WAV file must be located in the MT4sounds folder, (blank means disable sounds)
AlertSoundRepeats   = 3                 number of times the WAV file will be repeated after the first alert sound
AlertEmailSubject   = vForceEdge Signal subject for email alert messages, (blank means disable emails)
RiskPerTrade        = 1.0               percent risk used to calculate lots for status and email messages
StatusLabelName     = VFstatuslabel     name of text label object to use for displaying status on the chart
RightSideLabels     = False             print price labels on the right side instead of the left side
LabelSize           = 1
ConfirmLabelBuy     = DarkBlue
ConfirmLabelSell    = Red
StopLabelBuy        = Gray
StopLabelSell       = Gray
RetraceLabelBuy     = RoyalBlue
RetraceLabelSell    = DarkOrange

[Colors Tab]
0 DarkBlue   BUY alert arrows
1 Red        SELL alert arrows
2 Green      BULLISH confirm candle body
3 Green      BEARISH confirm candle body
4 DarkBlue   BULLISH signal candle body
5 Red        BEARISH signal candle body

Note: The templates have been updated.
You must use one of the templates provided for your initial chart setup.

After that you can change it to suit your preferences then save your own template.

This version of vForceEdge is V20090318

--- 帖子 #615 ---
Thanks a lot, I made an update and now it works.

Regards

--- 帖子 #616 ---
Hi guys,

Hate to be a pain, but could someone tell me where I can find the latest and greatest info (instructions, templates and so forth ) on the 5 min system. Many thanks. I LOVE this 15 min indicator. Way too cool for you guys to work so hard to help out the rest of us. Cant thank you enough. Really.

--- 帖子 #617 ---
Are you guys working on this system to be traded on any other pairs?

--- 帖子 #618 ---
Hi Alan, welcome to the Force, glad you like our work. RD

The main Force5 thread
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=120606

Force5 PDF with all three levels
http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...postcount=1656

AudioAlerts indicator
http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...postcount=2374

UpdateStops Trade Manager EA
http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...postcount=2439

IBFX demo account setup for charting
http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...postcount=2078

--- 帖子 #619 ---
An observation from recent price action (before FOMC news).

VFE (vForceEdge) tunnel edge tests and retests acting as good confirmation of support and resistance before next major move.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

On the other hand, if price wanders around without testing an edge then it has not confirmed anything. RD

--- 帖子 #620 ---
Hi Robdee

I don't do a lot of posting, however I do read a lot of them and continue to learn from people's questions and answers.

I am having a problem with the updatestops EA, and I was hoping to show you and explain to you the issue I am having.

The EA is not taking profit when it should (at 20 pips).

I have the following settings on it;

take profit = 20

take profit %= 80

hardstop= 20

movestop= 20

trailing stop 30

in the trade in the attachment you can see that it did not close 20% until it hit 412 pips.

Any help would be appreciated.

Thanks

Ezzy

--- 帖子 #621 ---
Hey Ezzy good to hear from you

Do you mean it closed 80% at +20, then the remaining 20% went to +412 ?

My initial reaction is this is likely caused by logging out or unloading the EA, price moved away and then when you logged in again the EA saw it needed to close out. I have no other ideas about this.

What version are you using ?

Have you used it successfully in the past ?

Anyone else using UpdateStops EA on Alpari ?

--- 帖子 #622 ---
Hey Robdee

Thanks for your reply man!

I have had a few different little glitches, but had seemed to go away. However I have just realised that my platform is ver 2.20. I'd say that's the problem.

Cheers mate.

Ezzy

--- 帖子 #623 ---
hi fj & RD i just want to just say thanks. you guys are great . May all the good pips continue to be with you

thanks

--- 帖子 #624 ---
Hello,

Robdee!

It's very useful. But for 5 digits brokers we must use another template.

--- 帖子 #625 ---
I think it is very good idea. If we wait for retracement - yes we will not take some trades. But other will have much more R/R ratio.

--- 帖子 #626 ---
Thanks for come out such great indicator. i have some feedback after using this tool.

1, i found that the signal is different between brokers, so far i notice IBFX and FXDD are show different signal. which one is correct?

2, what is the RetraceLabelBuy and RetraceLabelSell use for?

3, the stop loss is same is as vForce?

Thanks again.

--- 帖子 #627 ---
Please, In tnis chart, IBFX, I need to know that  means to the red left number and to the right candle green above of the red one.

thank

--- 帖子 #628 ---
Any system based on S/R will have picked up the break higher and the 1.3486 (DO) retest.

vForceEdge simply highlights a few things for you as shown below.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

DO = DayOpen = open price at 0:00 gmt (often acts as a pivot)

VFE experimenters please read:

Some people are asking about trading rules for vForceEdge.

There are none, this is an experimental indicator, no rules have been given.

The combined intelligence of this forum is invited to test and suggest trading/mm rules for VFE. I have my own ideas but I'm still testing them.

Enjoy! RD

--- 帖子 #629 ---
Hi sony, thanks for the feedback.

Different signals on different brokers is very common. The candles are slightly different so the indicator thresholds are reached at different times.

I use IBFX demo server for all my development and charting. I find they are a much better quality data feed than my trading broker. If you wish to recreate the exact platform I use the instructions are below. RD

IBFX demo reference platform setup
http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...postcount=2078

--- 帖子 #630 ---
Well the bulls gave away more than a small retrace today.

Price action was suggesting a deeper bearish move. The speed of the drop from 10:00 gmt surprised me. I guess it was something to do with the eurozone news.

I'm still using Force5 as my trigger for trade entries. RD

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #631 ---
Hello RobDee,

I am very interested in your system, but for some reason my windows vista will not allow me to upzip the compressed files (imagine that! windows vista not working correctly!) found on page 1.

If you could tell me which files and templetes I need (from the attachment menu) I will manually install them to my metatrader platform. This is probably easier than trying to figure out why Bill Gates can't make software that works!, and saves me from pulling out the rest of the hair I still have!

Thanks for you hard work and dedication!

--- 帖子 #632 ---
Teleblue welcome to vForce, click the vForceAlerts link in my signature. RD

--- 帖子 #633 ---
I am in the middle of a lengthy process to create my own MM rules for vForceEdge.
Risk:Reward ratio is my number one priority in this design.

If I plan to risk 1% on a trade then I must be planning to gain 1% or more.

I am not a scalper, scalpers generally do not share my concern with risk:reward.

The first stage of this process has been examining 100+ trading opportunities this month.

The most obvious winners are the signals that confirm then retrace back to the signal level.

For now I have settled on a strategy I have called "VFE 50 100 150". The details are below.

Inserted Code Notes1             = "VFE 50 100 150"
TakeProfit1        = 50       close part of the trade when this target is reached
TakeProfit2        = 100      close part of the trade when this target is reached
TakeProfit3        = 150      close part of the trade when this target is reached
TakeProfit1Percent = 35       percentage of trade to close when TakeProfit1 is reached
TakeProfit2Percent = 35       percentage of trade to close when TakeProfit2 is reached
TakeProfit3Percent = 30       percentage of trade to close when TakeProfit3 is reached
RiskPerTrade       = 5        % RiskPerTrade used with stoploss size to calculate number of lots
OpenRiskAllowed    = 0        do not trade if current open risk % is greater than allowed (default = 0)
StopAbove          = 35       pips above MA6 for stop loss placement when selling
StopBelow          = 35       pips below MA6 for stop loss placement when buying
StopMin            = 15       minimum pips to allow for the entire stop loss, stretch stop wider to ensure this
MoveStop           = 50       move stop to MA6 when this profit target reached (0 means disabled)
TrailingStop       = 0        AFTER stop is moved to BE, the stop is trailed pip for pip (0 means disabled)
CloseOnReverse     = True     close opposing trades immediately BEFORE opening a new trade (default = False)

This chart shows a few trades using this strategy.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

This PDF shows all the results from recent weeks.

--- 帖子 #634 ---
Hi RobDee, I ask if vForceAlerts.exe replaces VForceEdge.exe, please this is not clear for my.

Thank

--- 帖子 #635 ---
Hello, Robdee.

I think you are right. Waiting for posting this strategy. Will it be an indicator or

EA?

--- 帖子 #636 ---
Hi Rob, I have read thru this thread and this looks like a fantastic methodology.  I look forward to trying it out.

Question: what did you use to prepare the results shown in the pdf?

I thought I had seen and EA or something somewhere that lets you put in manual orders and produce a report like this.  Is that what you did?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #637 ---
Thanks RD and FJ... Great indicator.

I've read all the Vforce threads and am impressed with the amount of work and continual improvement going into this indicator.

One thing you could enlighten me on ( I must have missed), The Profit and Risk displayed. Do they relate to the latest trade?

--- 帖子 #638 ---
vForceAlerts is the indicator approved for vForce.

vForce EURUSD 15min training from ForexJedi is in the other thread.
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=156640

All kinds of vForce experiments are welcome in this thread.

Support questions about the indicators belong in this thread.

vForceEdge is just an experimental indicator, it is not yet approved for mainstream vForce trading. Enjoy! RD

--- 帖子 #639 ---
The onscreen status included with vForceAlerts and vForceEdge shows total profit and total risk in real time. Meaning it is updated with every new price move (tic) from the server.Total profit is current profit + swap for all open orders. Total risk is calculated using the lot size and stoploss for all open orders. If any order (open or pending) does not have a stoploss then risk shows as 100%. The purpose of this real time display is to help traders become more aware of the risk:reward ratio at all times. The status label is under complete control of users who can change the font, color, and position of the status label.

--- 帖子 #640 ---
DojiMojo welcome to vForce. I used a selection of trade signals from vForceEdge fed into the strategy tester included with Metatrader. The purpose of the PDF report is to illustrate what is possible with the MM rules that I am developing.

The trading simulator you refer to is an excellent way to gain a lot more experience in less time (with trading any system). RD

Trading Simulator Thread
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=70742

P.S. The simplest trading simulator of all is using [F12] and [Shift-F12] to step through the charts one candle at a time.

--- 帖子 #641 ---
Hi Robdee,

I just want to thank you and forexjedi for sharing with us the newbes.I m sure there are plenty of people out there are lost in Forex.How I wished more people like you and Forexjedi.There are not many people like you guys.I m personally touch by your generousity and kindness towards the little guys.

I love your system.Fantastic job guys.Hope I can contribute something but I think what you have done is already fantastic.

Thanks guys.

--- 帖子 #642 ---
I have gone through each individual VFE trade looking at risk:reward ratios.

Using actual results the ratio came in above 1:1 for nearly all trades and went as high as 9:1. The average for all trades came to 3.4:1, in other words I can expect an average gain of 3.4 times my risk with this MM. This is exactly what I have been trying to achieve in my design.

This spreadsheet shows the details of my analysis for each trade.

--- 帖子 #643 ---
Hi Rob,

How many (TP) pips you taken for each of your trade?

--- 帖子 #644 ---
Hey Sony001, Check out higher up the page post 634 for details.

fb

--- 帖子 #645 ---
Hi RobDee,

I'm reading and testing the vForce 15. I have a small plea: Could you change the colour of the long entry label from what it is to "Dodger Blue"? It is currently hardly visible on the black background.

Thanks for your time.

Herty

--- 帖子 #646 ---
What a great system!!!!!!!!! Thanks for being so generous.

--- 帖子 #647 ---
first of all I think this system is being undervalued because it seems to be followed by a very short number of people compared to other systems present on FF..my explanation is that generally speaking people prefer more complicated systems where there are more risk levels and more indicators so that they have to think more before making an order..and this could lead to a biased decision because their indicators are not as simple as a system like this..anyway

My questions are:

- how do we use Price Labels?

Is that the price for the Buy Stop / Sell Stop pending order?

- I don't get the difference between this thread and the "vForce EU only" thread

I thought that this original thread/system "vForce" was also designed only for the  EU

--- 帖子 #648 ---
First want to say welcome to the several new people posting in this thread. I appreciate all the feedback and gratitude shown. It helps a lot to keep me going. I am struggling with some chronic health issues so I simply don't have the energy at this time to answer all the questions.

You all will need to support each other in this forum. After all that's what it is for. Enjoy! RD

--- 帖子 #649 ---
Dear robdee,

get well soon!

Best wishes, Erik

--- 帖子 #650 ---
I have been away from my PC for close to two weeks, Im back now and I really had a lot of catching up to do, and I see a new baby (Forceegde) is in the cooking already. Great work guys

--- 帖子 #651 ---
Sorry you're feeling puny.  Hope ya get to feeling better soon, buddy.

Wishing you all the best,

TTMarto

--- 帖子 #652 ---
Congrats for finding the r.r =3.4 thats what was required in the awesome system of vforce and its amazing how quickly and effectively u did that.

well done buddy.

--- 帖子 #653 ---
1)PRICE LABELS

There are two price labels

for entry 10 pips above the signal candle (red or blue)

for sl 10 pips below the signal candle (red or blue)

2)The only difference in those two threads is that in this thread we uses vforce and experiment it to make it better and in that thread we learn vforce as no experiments are done there so initialy watch that thread after learning it come to this thread and see what robdee and other guys have to add to this system.

3)Yes vforce is designed and approved only for eu 15 min.

--- 帖子 #654 ---
Why would I keep getting the candles repainting or buy and sell numbers appearing that werent there before?

--- 帖子 #655 ---
Hi Robdee

I wish you very fast recovery and I pray this chronic heaalth issue never comes back again. Take care

--- 帖子 #656 ---
keep it positive robdee

from what I have read in this thread

I'm sure you are a great and strong person

__________

vForce is continuing to make pips

ForceDevotee Thanks for the explanation

--- 帖子 #657 ---
ForceDevotee

In case you missed it I remember Forexjedi approved GBP/USD for the vforce and I have been working with that pair too and doing well at it. cheers

--- 帖子 #658 ---
Sorry for that, I wish you a quick recovery.

--- 帖子 #659 ---
Hi. i have tried vforce only briefly with GBPUSD. Are you trading using 15min vforce?

--- 帖子 #660 ---
Hey Boss

the zip file dont open

Thanks

Dilip

--- 帖子 #661 ---
Try using the RAR program, this is what i am using and it opens it no problem.

JTH

--- 帖子 #662 ---
Observing the EURUSD price action over the last week has suggested to me a couple of improvements for vForceEdge.Signal filtering, hiding badly placed and/or low volume signals. Relaxing the rules for Retrace labels to highlight more of the trading opportunities. These two changes result in much improved EURUSD performance over the past month. I have no idea how this impacts VFE on other currency pairs. Any feedback on other pairs or timeframes is very welcome in this thread.

The charts below show before and after view of signal filtering.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Changes in the new version are listed below.

Inserted Code +-----------------------------------------------------+
| INDICATOR                           vForceEdge.EX4  |
| copy to [experts\indicators] then apply template    |
| status messages printed in Experts tab of terminal  |
+-----------------------------------------------------+
| This is free experimental software.                 |
| No guarantees are expressed or implied.             |
| Support in "vForce the revolution" FF forum thread. |
+-----------------------------------------------------+
author  [url="http://www.forexfactory.com/member.php?u=12983"]www.forexfactory.com/member.php?u=12983[/url]
support [url="http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=155871"]www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=155871[/url]

INDICATOR_VERSION    20090325
INDICATOR_NAME       "vForceEdge"
RELEASE_LEVEL        "Experimental"
MT4_BUILD            221

== New Signal Filters ==
HideBuysAboveMA6    = True  hide signals that open above ma6 or touch ma6+30
HideBuysLowVolume   = 0     hide signals if volume less than _____ (0 means disabled)
HideSellsBelowMA6   = True  hide signals that open below ma6 or touch ma6-30
HideSellsLowVolume  = 200   hide signals if volume less than _____ (0 means disabled)

== New RetraceLabelBuy Rules ==
1. buysignal is confirmed (OR) sellsignal is reversed
2. confirmedcandle is at least 3 bars ago
3. low of this candle is below MA6
4. low of this candle is below signalcandle high + 50 pips
5. no candles have closed below the signalcandle low

== New RetraceLabelSell Rules ==
1. sellsignal is confirmed (OR) buysignal is reversed
2. confirmedcandle is at least 3 bars ago
3. high of this candle is above MA6
4. high of this candle is above signalcandle low - 50 pips
5. no candles have closed above the signalcandle high

Original version of vForceEdge is in post 615
http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...&postcount=615

The templates have been updated.

Use one of the templates provided for your initial chart setup.

Note: 5-decimal pricing you will need to increase MA6 tunnel levels from 30 to 300.

This version of vForceEdge is V20090325

--- 帖子 #663 ---
THANKS ROB..

--- 帖子 #664 ---
Thanks, I will have a try~!

--- 帖子 #665 ---
Hi Rob,

I havent read thru this tread.I had a signal to sell earlier but was stopped out.I use a IBFX demo.vforce gave a clear signal to sell and I execute a pending sell order.When order was fullfilled , price went reverse and I got stop out where I placed SL 10pips away from red bar.

Did I missed anything? Can anyone comment?

Thanks guys.

--- 帖子 #666 ---
Nimrod,

Just like any system, you do not take every signal. You assess it in relation to the recent history. It still comes down to a matter of judgement to some degree and what has been going on.

Looking at your trade, it looks like it simply didn't work out. It happens and that is part of the risk you take.

fb

--- 帖子 #667 ---
Thanks fboy,

I appreciate your comment and insights on what happened to the trade.There might be some factors that need to be look into before one dive into a signal and pulled the trigger.I ll have to go through this thred and find out what I ve been missing all along.

Anyway I ll be posting some stuff as we go along this tread.BTW its a fantastic tred.Hope more noise will be made here.

fboy stand for fibonacci boy?

Cheers

--- 帖子 #668 ---
The templates have been updated.

Use one of the templates provided for your initial chart setup.

Note: 5-decimal pricing you will need to increase MA6 tunnel levels from 30 to 300.

im unable to find the option in the indi to change the values.....anyone help??

--- 帖子 #669 ---
hi stinger...to change the level just go to MA indicator properties, and go to level..change it from 30 to 300..

hope it'll help..

--- 帖子 #670 ---
worked great - thanks for the quick responce

--- 帖子 #671 ---
Thanks, Robdee for new indicator. I have a question - would you plan to make a EA for this strategy? Not for playing but just for testing.

I am a professional programmer and so I like to test any strategy by writing a EA.

Because this strategy is very well formalised, it is not very difficult to write a EA.

--- 帖子 #672 ---
Thanks Rob,  I agree, and I do use the F12 version quite a bit

Thanks for a great thread and indicator !

--- 帖子 #673 ---
All kinds of experiments including EAs are welcome in this thread.

I approve using vForceEdge as a signal generator for any non-commercial EA.

The interface code below fits into the start() function of your EA.

This same interface applies to AudioAlerts and vForceAlerts. Enjoy! RD

Inserted Code // global variables
string SignalGenerator = "vForceEdge";
bool buysignal, sellsignal;
datetime buysignaltime, sellsignaltime;

// code for start()
if(buysignaltime != Time[0] && iCustom(NULL,0,SignalGenerator,0,0) != 0) // default parameters and BUY signals are in buffer 0
{
buysignal = True;
buysignaltime = Time[0];
Print("buysignal=True buycandletime="+TimeToStr(Time[1],TIME_MINUTES));
}
if(sellsignaltime != Time[0] && iCustom(NULL,0,SignalGenerator,1,0) != 0) // default parameters and SELL signals are buffer 1
{
sellsignal = True;
sellsignaltime = Time[0];
Print("sellsignal=True sellcandletime="+TimeToStr(Time[1],TIME_MINUTES));
}

--- 帖子 #674 ---
so we are allowed to use this for our testing?

--- 帖子 #675 ---
Welcome Magnumt, not sure why you are asking this question. Perhaps I need to be more specific. If you are a programmer and know how to write EAs then the interface code I provided will allow you to use vForceEdge as your signal generator. This approval is wide open for any EA that is not sold commercially. Of course we all would like to see the results here as we continue to work together to create a better system for all to enjoy. RD

--- 帖子 #676 ---
I don't know why every time, if a good strategy is presented, everybody wants an EA. It's proven, that an EA for a shorttime-strategy (< 4h) cannot produce good results in the long run. An EA makes NO SENCE. robdee an also fboy just explained it and hundreds of other threads explained it also: IT'S NEVER POSSIBLE to produce money with an ea in short timeframes, if you let an EA run alone. So for what reason someone needs an EA, if you have to analyze every signal for your own. This strategy is a very good strategy, if you do not trade blind but analyze every signal for your own respecting support/resistance, trendlines and priceaction. (Thanks for your work, robdee, and for the new files)

--- 帖子 #677 ---
As you know morander this is a common issue and some threads become quite a 'code-fest' as everyone goes off on different tangents. This started to happen with this thread and FJ could see there was a lot of interest in experimentation and trying out lots of different ideas, including EAs. He was clever to let this remain as the 'experimental thread' and create a new thread for those wanting to learn how he trades vForce.

vForce EU only ForexJedi style...
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=156640

Funny thing was as soon as he gave permission for everyone to 'go nuts' in this thread all the big flow of ideas seemed to come to a stop.

I am aware of a few different uses for EAsmanaging trades already opened by the user back-testing different MM rules using MT4 strategy tester forward-testing on a demo account to highlight trading issues auto-trading a live account and making millions - fact or fantasy ? I welcome those with expertise and enthusiasm to build EAs to suit these different purposes. I know for myself I have not seen an auto-trading EA yet that I would let loose on my live account. Manual trading suits me fine. RD

--- 帖子 #678 ---
Ronald Raygun wrote an EA early on in another thread for Vfrorce. He was going away to test and improve exits, but haven't heard anything.

--- 帖子 #679 ---
A simple study of recent EURUSD price action may prove helpful. Obvious found solid support before the US news spike. Discovered this support level is a multi-day 38 fibo as well. RD

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #680 ---
Thanks, Robdee. How do  you calculate retrace labels?

--- 帖子 #681 ---
May be this will help:
http://www.forexrazor.com/Forex-Trad...itability.aspx

--- 帖子 #682 ---
Post 663 contains my current retrace label rules.
http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...&postcount=663

--- 帖子 #683 ---
Ironbark thanks for that I didn't realise that Ronald had started a separate thread specific for his vForce EA.

vForce EA thread by Ronald Raygun
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=156609

--- 帖子 #684 ---
any updates to the edge yet?  It really looks promising.

--- 帖子 #685 ---
Hello FJ and RD,

i just downloaded the "white version" of vforce.

The version does not show the trade setups who have been in the past?

Or is there somethin wrong with my setup`?

Does there have to be the "smiley" to get the signals?

Thanks for the great thread.

piptiger

--- 帖子 #686 ---
Piptiger welcome to vForce.

If you scroll back far enough you will see the price labels are not printed, this is to save memory and cpu cycles when running the indicator. You can force a refresh of price labels by reapplying the template at any time. I do that a lot when I am scrolling back weeks to see what the signals were like.

No smiley face is required on the chart, that only applies to EAs. This is a 'Custom Indicator' not an EA. Enjoy! RD

--- 帖子 #687 ---
The most recent update of vForceEdge has been showing good quality signals. In fact the signal quality has improved so much that I have been able to introduce a second method for confirming signals.

This new method is called ConfirmByClose meaning a candle that closes above or below the signal candle is also considered a confirmation. This does not replace the original method which is to wait for price to exceed the signal candle by 10 pips. Often the confirmation candle meets both requirements, that is it exceeds the signal candle by 10 pips and also closes above/below it. Meeting both requirements is great but there are also winning signals that only need to be confirmed by a close and they are 'good to go'.

Two recent signals are perfect examples of how ConfirmByClose offers entries that are missed by the original confirmation rules alone. See the chart below.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

ConfirmByClose will be available in the next release of vForceEdge.

The current release of vForceEdge is post 663
http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...&postcount=663

--- 帖子 #688 ---
Robdee,

Thanks for the VFE! I notice there are less signals in VFE, averaging 1-3 quality signals a day when i look back through the chart, care to explain?

Please find the attached image, is my version the previous version thats why it did not show any Buy signals there?

And also, can u explain how to trade using the 6ema? Do we look for bounces at the 6emas?

--- 帖子 #689 ---
[/quote][/quote]
Yes Jurn, I had the same problem, my chart is equal to yours and totally different from which shows RobDee. I am certainly he will say to us what happened. I had a signal less and there was no confirmation in the last one.

--- 帖子 #690 ---
VFE Buy signal initiated. Buy on retrace with F5 signal.

--- 帖子 #691 ---
Hi Rob and thanks for this prromising system. I like the updatestops EA, have a question.

If I manuell trade EURUSD in the same MT4 I use for VForce I guess the EA will close this trade to.

Regards

Elovv

--- 帖子 #692 ---
Yes you are right. The next version will show the signal you highlighted as missing, everything else looks right to me for that version. Remember in post 663 I explained that I have added signal filtering to clean up some of the garbage. 1-3 quality signals per day is the goal.

OK minor correction it is not a 6ema, it is a smoothed MA6 tunnel. The MA6 forms the centerline of the tunnel, the ceiling is 30 pips above, the floor is 30 pips below. Price often confirms resistance near the ceiling and support near the floor. Notice how price action switches from one side of the tunnel to the other side. After confirming a signal price often retraces to the MA6 before continuing on, this makes the MA6 a good place to look for entries. RD

--- 帖子 #693 ---
Welcome Elovv

If you attach UpdateStops to a EURUSD chart then it will manage all your EURUSD trades.

It will ignore trades that are open for any other pairs.

When UpdateStops loads you should see a message in the Experts tab like this...UpdateStops EURUSD,M15: UpdateStops is attached to a EURUSD chart so it will manage ONLY EURUSD open orders, it ignores all other trades.

--- 帖子 #694 ---
Robdee could you please explain in details how to use the new revised version of vForce ?

here where u say:

- Note: Confirm candles (green) are now only painted when price reaches the confirm price. No other confirm rules are used. -

what do u mean?

is it now the green the blue or red candle to signal the  market order?

and, do we use this revised version of the indicator with the EA? or should we still use the older one

--- 帖子 #695 ---
Hello ForexAlex, Good questions, I can understand why you and others may be getting confused in this thread.

Let's be very clear about this for everyone's sake.

vForceAlerts (VFA) is the only indicator approved for vForce. The vForce trading rules are in the other thread vForce EU Only. A link to the latest version of VFA is always found in my signature. Support questions for VFA belong in this thread to reduce clutter in the other thread. If you are using any version of VFA you use the original and advanced rules as published by ForexJedi. I will never change VFA to behave differently than ForexJedi specified. I will tidy it up and add features but I will not change the signal logic unless he asks me to.

vForceEdge (VFE) is for experimental use only. There are no trading rules. The signal logic is changing on an almost daily basis. VFE is found here because ForexJedi specified this as the experimental thread. If you are already very familiar with Force5 and vForce trading then VFE may be of interest to you.VFE is not for beginners, trust me, start with Force5. You will get much more experience in reading price action on the 5 minute chart. I use Force5 as my timing trigger for all my trades regardless of the system being used. With regards to an auto-trading EA the only one I know of is Ronald Raygun's vForce1 EA referenced earlier in this thread. He has his own thread specifically for that.

Hope that helps everyone get oriented here. Enjoy! RD

--- 帖子 #696 ---
I have decided to make the original confirmation rule a user controlled option. This new option is called ConfirmByPips. Users need to control this rule because sometimes the confirmation candle bounces back and closes inside the signal candle. This results in a higher risk situation for trading because price did not yet close outside the signal candle hi/low.

Some traders want to see only the lowest risk (highest probability) setups, in that case they will set ConfirmByClose = True and ConfirmByPips = False.

I have illustrated this in the charts below.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

ConfirmByClose and ConfirmByPips will be available in the next release of vForceEdge.

--- 帖子 #697 ---
Studying price action in detail using Force5 and vForce has given me more understanding of the 'attack-counterattack' character of forex markets. This creates a problem for technical analysis.

For example, just as soon as technical analysis shows enough bullish momentum to print a buy signal, the bears attack selling into the new higher prices, if this attack is strong enough the 'technical buy' fails making it look like the buy signal was an error. It was not an error, it just got attacked as is the true nature of the market.

This bull-bear-battle after a technical trigger occurs quite frequently. The 'trick' here is to wait for one side to win the battle.

As I create vForceEdge I have kept this market behaviour in mind. I want a system that not only prints a directional signal, but also shows when those signals have been attacked and counter-attacked.

My charts below show examples of VFE reversals

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

VFE reversals are a much better way to show true market behaviour than other systems that just print a one direction signal. RD

--- 帖子 #698 ---
Awesome insights Robdee!

--- 帖子 #699 ---
Robdee,

What is the difference between Confirm by Pips and Confirm by Close?

--- 帖子 #700 ---
where i can put it about ( vforcealers_black.tpl and vforcealerts_white.tpl)? and vforceedge_black.tpl and vforce_white.tpl ? ....its in the expert and indicator folder?.....pls help me.....

--- 帖子 #701 ---
Hi Rob

I´m testing VForce Together witm RR´s EA. When I got The alert mail, I got 2 mails. Can I do something towards that?

Regards

Elovv

--- 帖子 #702 ---
Anyone here mind to explain to me bout the vforce Edge system. The more it goes i feel more blurr on the latest version. I understand the entry for vForce but not vForce Edge. So i hope theres somebody out there kind to help me on it or at least tell me the basic rules on entering a trade.

Thanks

Regards

Stan88

--- 帖子 #703 ---
If two identical emails then muct be two copies of vForceAlerts running.

One hidden copy of vForceAlerts is loaded internally by vForce1 (RR's EA). The other copy of vForceAlerts probably is on your chart? Or do you have vForceAlerts on two charts ? You can disable emails on the charts by setting AlertEmailSubject=(blank). See if that solves it. Regards, RD

--- 帖子 #704 ---
All .TPL files are templates, they are saved into the MT4\templates folder, you will see other .TPL files already in that folder.

Also note that .TPL files do not go into MT4\experts\templates, you will see the .MQT files in there.

--- 帖子 #705 ---
I'm a newcomer and I'm amazed by the quality of this thread. Congratulations.

Needless to say I'll be trying vForce this week.

I understand we can use a helpful EA - UpdateStops. I've set UpdateStops EA the way you can see in the pictures. Are these the right settings?

Thank you

--- 帖子 #706 ---
Alec, welcome to the Force.

The settings you show are all OK except I think the HardStop=20 and MoveStop=20 are both a lot tighter than ForexJedi's original vForce rules which talked about a stop 10 pips above/below the signal candle.

My interpretation of FJ's rules as they apply to UpdateStops are in post 612
http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...&postcount=612

Given this information I suggest you decide on the MM strategy that suits you best. RD

--- 帖子 #707 ---
The system works great today. I drive VForce+RR EA. Great. But-I said yesterday I got 2 mails/trade. Today there are 4 Mail/trade. And when I tried to edit VForcealert and closed it-one more mail. I think I have to restart it. Anybody knows what can be wrong?

Elovv

--- 帖子 #708 ---
Hi,

I just thought I'd share this with you.

I put a short trade at 1.3195 i.e. close to the reverse retrace orange label. Once it was on I then looked at the previous PA (obviously should have done this first but I was slow to wake up today) and realised this was maybe not a good trade with a double bottom around 1.3177 so I closed out for a small profit (5 pips, woohoo!). Time will tell if I was right to can it.

fb

--- 帖子 #709 ---
Further to this trade, it seems I have been vindicated as the price rose up through what was my SL. Entry at 1.3195 (dark green line), SL at 1.3197 + 35 pips = 1.3232 (red line) which was hit in the 10:00 candle. So using the PA history saved me from a loss.

fb

--- 帖子 #710 ---
fboy good trading man, seeing the evidence of support below and realising this was not a great level to be selling meant you kept the pips!

After reading your comments I looked for a candle that confirmed the original buy signal. I counted across 10 bars to see the 9:00 confirmed. Setting ConfirmBars=10 allows VFE to highight this as shown below. That 9:00 candle also showed the bulls were attempting a TL break.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I'm not suggesting a permanent change of ConfirmBars=10 (default=5). RD

--- 帖子 #711 ---
FJand Rob... another great work done here... keep it up

--- 帖子 #712 ---
As explained in recent posts I have been working on a cleaned up version of vForceEdge (VFE). This is version V20090402 for experimental use. I have done a lot of testing with this one and am satisfied it is all ready.

This is the last VFE feature release. I will only release a maintenance version if some fixes are needed. This stage of the VFE project is finished. It is now time move on and focus on entry and exit rules.

User settings have changed, please read through the list below to become familiar with the new defaults. Enjoy! RD

Inserted Code +-----------------------------------------------------+
| INDICATOR                           vForceEdge.EX4  |
| copy to [experts\indicators] then apply template    |
| status messages printed in Experts tab of terminal  |
+-----------------------------------------------------+
| This is free experimental software.                 |
| No guarantees are expressed or implied.             |
| Support in "vForce the revolution" FF forum thread. |
+-----------------------------------------------------+
author  [url="http://www.forexfactory.com/member.php?u=12983"]www.forexfactory.com/member.php?u=12983[/url]
support [url="http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=155871"]www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=155871[/url]

INDICATOR_VERSION    20090402
INDICATOR_NAME       vForceEdge
RELEASE_LEVEL        Experimental
MT4_BUILD            223

[Inputs Tab]
Notes1              = vForceEdge Experimental V20090402 by RobDee
PaintSignalCandles  = True         painting of signal candle bodies on the price chart
PaintConfirmCandles = True         painting of confirm candle bodies on the price chart
ConfirmByClose      = True         confirmed by a close above/below the signal candle
ConfirmByPips       = True         confirmed by __ pips above/below the signal candle
ConfirmBars         = 5            number of bars to wait for a confirmation (0 is disabled)
ConfirmPips         = 10           number of pips above/below a signal candle to confirm it (0 is disabled)
StopPips            = 10           number of pips above/below a signal candle for stop loss
ShowConfirmPrices   = True         print price labels at confirm prices
ShowStopPrices      = False        print price labels at stop loss prices
ShowRetracePrices   = True         print price labels at retrace prices
ShowPipMoves        = True         print pips moved after a retrace price is found
ShowAlertArrows     = False        print alert arrows on the price chart
HideBuysAboveMA6    = True         hide signals that open above ma6 or touch ma6+30
HideBuysLowVolume   = 0            hide signals if volume less than _____ (0 is disabled)
HideSellsBelowMA6   = True         hide signals that open below ma6 or touch ma6-30
HideSellsLowVolume  = 200          hide signals if volume less than _____ (0 is disabled)
AlertPopups         = False        enable/disable alert popup window
AlertSoundFile      = alert2.wav   the WAV file must be located in the MT4\sounds folder, (blank is disable sounds)
AlertSoundRepeats   = 3            number of times the WAV file will be repeated after the first alert sound
AlertEmailLevel     = 0            0=none  1=signals  2=confirms/reverses  3=retraces  4=all messages
StatusLabelName     = statuslabel  name of text label object to use for displaying status on the chart
BrokerEuroSymbol    = EURUSD       reference symbol for calculating decimal places for all pairs, eg IBFX mini use EURUSDm
RightSideLabels     = False        print price labels on the right side instead of the left side
LabelSize           = 1            size for all price labels (1=smallest 5=largest)
ConfirmLabelBuy     = MediumBlue
ConfirmLabelSell    = Red
StopLabelBuy        = Gray
StopLabelSell       = Gray
RetraceLabelBuy     = RoyalBlue
RetraceLabelSell    = DarkOrange

[Colors Tab]
color1 MediumBlue   BUY alert arrows
color2 Red          SELL alert arrows
color3 ForestGreen  BULLISH confirm candle body
color4 LimeGreen    BEARISH confirm candle body
color5 MediumBlue   BULLISH signal candle body
color6 Red          BEARISH signal candle body

Previous version of vForceEdge is in post 663
http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...&postcount=663

The templates have been updated.

Use one of the templates provided for your initial chart setup.

Note: 5-decimal pricing you will need to increase MA6 tunnel levels from 30 to 300.

This version of vForceEdge is V20090402

--- 帖子 #713 ---
Robdee,

I have set my e-mail settings per your instructions and when I hit the test button everything works fine. Then in the alert tab of my platform ( live IBFX )I set a alert a couple pips away from the price, and within a couple of minutes I get a e-mail. The problem is, when a VForce alert happens the message fails to be sent. I have uninstalled and reinstalled vforce alerts but dosen't help. I've installed the versions that are on post 577 and have a build 223 on interbank platform. What could be the problem ?

Thanks, Mike

--- 帖子 #714 ---
Robdee, when I tried to open VForceEdge, both template and indicator, my MT4 crashed. Why is that?  Thanks for your patience.

--- 帖子 #715 ---
Hi Mike, sounds like outgoing email is setup correctlly at the MT4 level. You're using the latest VFA (post 577) where the only way to disable email messages is setting AlertEmailSubject=(blank). Maybe you have changed the default setting? Try a new chart with only my provided template and see if that fires an email.

Also, for clues look in the Experts and Journal tabs of terminal window. You should see any email errors in there. Are you seeing the status message in Experts tab that showing prices, lots, risk and so on ? Hope that helps. RD

--- 帖子 #716 ---
Welcome to the force, almost for sure this is because your Metatrader needs to update to Build 223. Run Liveupdate.exe in the MT4 folder to download the latest version from your broker. RD

--- 帖子 #717 ---
Hi folks,

i just discover this thread, pretty nice system, it can be for me an additional tools thanks for sharing your work.

--- 帖子 #718 ---
Thanks for feedback Rob. Very useful. Am looking at the 10 bar confirm as an option. Seems interesting. Also thanks for latest realease of VFE. Very excited about it. Thank you.

fb

--- 帖子 #719 ---
Rob,

Interested to know how you might have played this scenario today.

Short signal bar at 11:30 (GMT), immediately followed by reverssal green bar with fluctuations caused by ECB interest rate not being cut as much as expected at 11:45 GMT. The next Force 5 long entry supporting the VFE reversal was at 11:50 but did not close outside the range of the previous 5M bar. Would you have been tempted into this or left alone?

Thanks in advance.

fboy

--- 帖子 #720 ---
Fboy good observations. I agree the 11:50 Force5 buy was far below the previous spike high that was shot down by the bears making it look too close to resistance. It was also very soon after the ECB news, and the VFE retrace did not appear until later.

I stayed out because of the news. There are only two kinds of news that concern me, interest rate announcements, and Non-Farm Payrolls (NFPs). I know I'm not good at trading either one so I stay away.

--- 帖子 #721 ---
robdee or others,

I had no problems loading vforce alerts and templates. Edge I dont get any painted candles or prices or anything.  I have tried all the versions of edge same result.

I am sure I did something wrong I cant figure out what.  I use forex.com 5 digit quote.

Also the edge is loaded in indicator list.  I know it doesnt say it in upper left corner.

Thanks in advance,

Brandon

--- 帖子 #722 ---
Good thing you posted your chart where I see the symbol is EURUSDpro.

Any broker that uses a symbol different from EURUSD you need to tell VFE about it. In your case set BrokerEuroSymbol=EURUSDpro and I think everything will look a lot better.

When VFE has found the correct euro symbol to use as a reference you will see a message in Experts tab like this.

vForceEdge EURUSD,M15: EURUSD  Digits=4  PipDigits=4  PipDecimal=0.0001  PipValue=$10.00  Server=[InterbankFX-MT4 Demo Accounts 2]

In your case with forex.com it should look like this.

vForceEdge EURUSDpro,M15: EURUSDpro  Digits=5  PipDigits=4  PipDecimal=0.0001  PipValue=$10.00  Server=[Forex.com-Demo]

--- 帖子 #723 ---
Robdee,

Thanks I could have looked forever on that. Works great.

Brandon

--- 帖子 #724 ---
After price moved above 1 April support there was a fair amount of swinging back and forth before the new direction was established. Standard VFE retrace labels were being over-run which is unusual.

One thing I have been looking at is the price action in relation to the signal candle high/low. This is something I have been observing for a while, especially the deeper retraces we see around bottoms and tops.

Two good examples of price action retracing to a signal candle level before continuing on with strength are shown below.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I am considering using these levels for my VFE entry rules. RD

--- 帖子 #725 ---
Fellow Traders,
I thought you all might like something to do while we wait for the NFP hype to pass. I have zipped a cut-down version of MT4 with all the necessary files and history data you need to get started with vForceSim. It is all pre-configured and ready to go for one solid month of VFE practice trading.
This is the same tool I have been using to test MM rules for VFE.
Enjoy! RD
vForce Simulator for training and back-testing using Strategy Tester
vForceSim (VFS) is used to simulate the live trading enviroment and encourages users to practice reading the price action and placing trades to develop more experience and consistency. The speed of price action is user controlled. VFS also allows an already consistent trader to test different
money management scenarios.
VFS does all the work of managing the simulated trades according to the MM rules entered before trading starts. All the trader needs to focus on is reading the chart and entering trades. Immediate feedback is provided on the chart showing exactly when and where trades were opened and closed.
Instructions

Read the vForceSim.PDF which explains how to use it and how to install it.

--- 帖子 #726 ---
Hi,

The VFA work pretty good but i dont understand the VFE ? there is lot of false signal ? can someone explain me ?

--- 帖子 #727 ---
I explained the differences in post 696
http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...&postcount=696

Anyone else who understands VFE is welcome to make some explanations as well.

--- 帖子 #728 ---
Robdee

Hi. I have read through the original documents on the first post and followed the thread quite closely. However, I am not sure in a nutshell what the specific trading rules are for edge. I know you said its in an experimental phase but can you kindly post a long and short entry and just some bullet point entry/exit rules. It would really help

Also, have you tried any other timeframes outside 15mins?

Sorry if this is covering old ground but I hope that at least in part, it will be new information for the followers of the thread

Regards

Vimal

--- 帖子 #729 ---
VFE 'Signals Only' trading gives a baseline level of performance which can then be used to compare with all other entry/exit strategies.Question: What is the simplest way to trade vForceEdge ? Answer: Trade every signal as soon as it appears. If it is a buy signal then buy, if it is a sell signal then sell - immediately.

No confirms, no reverses, no retraces, no s/r levels , no fibos, no pivots - just the raw signals only.Question: Is there enough of an edge in the signals alone to make a profit ? Answer: Yes, 92% profit in the month of March alone.  This chart shows trade entries immediately after each signal candle closes.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

TP1=50 TP2=100 TP3=150 (35:35:30)

SL intially placed 35 pips above/below MA6.

SL is moved to BE when +35 is reached.

SL is then trailed 35 pips above/below MA6.

This report shows the trading statistics in summary.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The spreadsheet below lists each individual trade entry for the month.

The template (.TPL) file is applied to a new IBFX EURUSD 15min chart to see all the trades for the month.

--- 帖子 #730 ---
This is the way I'm using this system on my live account. I take the first vforce signal right at the end of Asian session ( Frankfurt) or if there isn't one at that time I'll wait for London session and take the first signal available on the EUR/USD. It's been a very successful strategy doing it just this way with atl least an 80% success rate. I've also visually back tested it for a year everyday on the 15 minute time frame euro and it has a winning trade 4 out of 5 times. Definitely a money maker and consistent. I only trade that one signal every day and go for at least 20 pips or more and that's it for the day using this system. The signals aren't as reliable on NY session or Asian session so I'll only trade this at the very end of Asian session and mainly London session and the signals on the EUR are 80% accurate. I trade less but increase the lot size for the higher probablilty trades. Paris

--- 帖子 #731 ---
VFE is so profitable!! U did it Robdee!

--- 帖子 #732 ---
TP1=50 TP2=100 TP3=150 (35:35:30)

SL intially placed 35 pips above/below MA6.

SL is moved to BE when +35 is reached.

SL is then trailed 35 pips above/below MA6.

Thanks for the quick reply on this. Just final question...MA6. What is the MA6? I thought stops were 10pips above/below the signal candle before but edge is different so rules can easily be different

Thanks again

Vimal

--- 帖子 #733 ---
Question: Have u tried testing on all type of mkt? Ranging or trending? I kudo ur superb programming skill...

Sonic

--- 帖子 #734 ---
Robdee you make a wonderfull work

1. I have put the ea into interbankfx but I can't open it

2. Can't see the red, blue green candels .

Please help me

Thank you

--- 帖子 #735 ---
If it´s continue that way.......

Elovv

--- 帖子 #736 ---
Hi....Are you still using your original MM rules,,,first 20 pips take 80% profit and let the 20% balance run on 50 pip trailing stop and maintain the original stop 10 pips over/under buy/sell candle?

--- 帖子 #737 ---
Hi Piptalk. Have a quick review of post 730 where Robdee got back to me on the headline rules. Hopefully this should help

The one thing I wasn't sure of was the 6MA Definition? Surely this isn't the 6period SMA?!?

Regards

Vimal

--- 帖子 #738 ---
Hey Thanks for the reply!!,,,,This system is very simplistic ,,,yet powerful if followed according to Robs and FJ parameters,,,,,I know trading systems are constantly getting tweaked for the best returns,,,etc. Just wanted to make sure the MM rules are constant,,,,,,Again ,,hats off to the V force boys for putting together and sharing an effective trading system!!!,,,

--- 帖子 #739 ---
vForceEdge is experimental, it is more complicated than the original vForce in every way. I'm not sure this is a good thing or not. The original vForce is much simpler and also profitable if traded the way ForexJedi trades it.

You ask about the MA6, that is the smoothed moving average 6 which is the centreline of the MA6 tunnel in VFE. It is part of the vForceEdge setup template, that purple line running through the middle of the price action.

More info about the MA6 tunnel is in post 693
http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...&postcount=693

--- 帖子 #740 ---
Some people have been asking me about the interface that programmers can use to connect their EAs to vForceEdge.

The interface code is in post 674
http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...&postcount=674

--- 帖子 #741 ---
Hi Robdee,,,,,You had a solid return for March,,,When you say 1 to 3 trade signals a day are you trading all major markets ie, Lodon,,NY,,,Asian,,thx

--- 帖子 #742 ---
Hi Sonic, thanks for your encouragement.

Your question is the 'acid test' for most systems. Generally VFE performs best when the range or trend-channel is 100-200 pips wide.

When the price action is 'trapped' in a narrow sideways range the targets have to be much smaller and therefore Risk:Reward ratios suffer.

Chart below shows a narrow ranging market that is the hardest to trade VFE style.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #743 ---
Hi Piptalk

I assume you mean the March results in post 730
http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...&postcount=730

Those results are a baseline meaning the simplest possible way to trade VFE. That means every signal in all sessions all month long.

The task now is to see if we can improve or 'beat' the baseline by being more selective in the signals that we trade. This is where the trade decisions will start to include factors that you mention like which market is open. RD

--- 帖子 #744 ---
Hey RD,,,Thanks for the feedback,,,I really like your system,,Its easy to understand and like I said earlier,,, seems very productive,,,,Looking forward to following this thread,,,,,,,

--- 帖子 #745 ---
Kiaora RD, Just found this thread, looks very very interesting.

Cant believe I havent really noticed before, but there appears to be quite a few threads in the evolution of the system.

I must have been spending too much time stuck on learning other bits.

Heaps of reading to catchup on.

I'll be back - hey are you a jaffa, I hide from the wind myself.

Cheers kiwi

--- 帖子 #746 ---
vForceEdge 'Signal Times' is exactly same as post 730 baseline except now we enter trades only at certain times of the day.

The VFE MM rules stay the same, only the entry times are now filtered.

The best times to enter a new trade are:6:00 - 8:45 gmt 14:00 - 14:45 gmt 19:00 - 23:45 gmt I analysed all of the March trades to see which hours are the most profitable. My results are in this graph.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

This chart shows signals that occur inside and outside the best trading times.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

This reduces the number of trade entries in March from 48 down to 21 and increases the net profit from 92% to 230%

This list of trades shows the value of including the 14:00-14:45 time slot as well.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Essentially there are a lot less losing trades so the equity curve progresses more smoothly as shown in this report summary.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The .xls spreadsheet contains the detailed analysis for each trade entry.

--- 帖子 #747 ---
Hi Robdee

EurUsd came up with an alert sell at 10.45am. There is a price marked at 1.35316 a few candles later. What is the definition of this price and just to confirm, I went short on the very first candle at 10.45am

Regards

Vimal

--- 帖子 #748 ---
RD,,,Thanks for the timezone analysis!!,,,,Entered on second signal short around 9:35 gmt,,,plus 135 pips,,,,nice!

--- 帖子 #749 ---
This is great analysis but definately worthwhile

Not sure if you have had a look but do you know whether Feb & Jan confirm these times for the best trading times or do you think March is relatively reflective of prior months?

Regards

Vimal

--- 帖子 #750 ---
Hey everyone, I'm new to this forum, i just finished reading up on it and I am quite impressed. Also I'm happy to see people are making some serious pips off this system. I just have a question, I want to know what indicators I'm missing because my chart doesnt look like most of yours. Please if anyone could help me, i would greatly appreciate it. Thanks!

--- 帖子 #751 ---
RD,,,Your spredsheet for March looks very impressive,,,Do those numbers reflect the 80/20 mm rule and what is your rule of thumb regarding increasing lot size to compound profits,,,Again,,, thanks for your time, effort and generosity!!

--- 帖子 #752 ---
Quick question.. you might think i am being a bit silly. Is this an EA or is it a manual trading system. Can it be turned into an EA?

--- 帖子 #753 ---
hi everyone..

wish it is a live acc..manage 145pips today....thank you so much for a great system...

robdee i've attach chart here,just wondering is it a correct chart for vforce signal only?and as u said before,in this version we just place a trade when the signal come up right?but i am confused whether to place a buy or sell coz it show only green candle not red and blue,can u explain to me please...

many thanks in advance robdee..

p/s:sorry for bad english

--- 帖子 #754 ---
Hi

I need bit clarification

AudioAlerts and  vForceAlerts  are two different systems?

Reading through the thread it jumps around and now i think we have audioalert, vforcealert and vforceedge systems right?

It appears audioalert gives most signals correct? So i could choose to just trade audiolert right?

Just trying to make sense of things   thanks!!!

--- 帖子 #755 ---
Hi Robdee, did you trade this according to the MM you set out in post 730? You mentioned that under certain ranging conditions you need smaller targets, do you ever adjust your strategy to cater for this? Or do you just trade it mechanically with the MM you set out?

--- 帖子 #756 ---
Vilmal good trading. I work with GMT times, looks like you are quoting GMT+2.

The 1.3531 price label on my chart below is a retrace price. In other words the signal has been confirmed and now price has retraced back to the MA6 line. As you can see VFE highlights the first retrace only. Price retraced a second time before continuing down with strength.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #757 ---
There are three main issues with long term back-tests which I have not resolved. And believe me mega-hours have gone into this because it is an attractive concept.

1) accuracy/completeness of price database

2) irrelevance of previous market conditions

3) reliability of strategy tester

My approach therefore is to break it down into one month sections. Until I fully understand one month of price action it is pointless going further back where all the issues (above) start to impact. If I can go back through and visually check each trade then I am satisified that the results are meaningful.

My approach then has been to initially focus on March price action to see if there are any meaningful patterns there. In essence I am trying to imitate the big-dog algorithms which change like the weather. RD

--- 帖子 #758 ---
Ashur, welcome to the Force.

Looking at your chart makes me think you have used an old template. Make sure you use a template that matches the indicator and version. If necessary delete the old templates and start again.

This applies to all charting issues, make sure you have the right template, and re-apply if necessary to refresh the indicator. There are buffer refresh issues in MT4 that I can only resolve on my own charts by re-applying the template whenever I see something that I think is not quite right. RD

--- 帖子 #759 ---
Piptalk, lot size for all trades is calculated to ensure that risk percentage is kept the same. If the stop is wider then less lots are used. If the stop is narrower then more lots can be used.

I use 5% risk per trade. The value of 1 pip is $10 per standard lot.

First I work out what 5% of my account balance is in dollars.
riskdollars = AccountBalance X 5 / 100 (5 percent)
Second I use riskpips to work out how many lots I can trade
lots = riskdollars / riskpips / $10
For mini accounts the value of each pip is only $1 per mini-lot.

For 5-decimal pricing the riskpips needs to be converted to 4-decimal.

Best idea is to make your own spreadsheet where you know exactly what is going on. You input AccountBalance and RiskPips and it gives you Lots.

--- 帖子 #760 ---
Hi Rob!

Thanks for the development of the system. Question

If I understand "the edge only" from your post 730 the trades is taken immediately the signal bar close (no wait for 10 pips confirmation)?

Is there a difference how the signal bars is calculated in VForcealert and VForceedge

Elovv

--- 帖子 #761 ---
Ronald Raygun is the only person I know who is actively developing an EA for vForce. More power to him...

RR's vForce EA thread
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=156609

--- 帖子 #762 ---
Mxb welcome to the Force

Force5 is the original system by ForexJedi (uses AudioAlerts)
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=120606

vForce is the new system by ForexJedi (uses vForceAlerts VFA)
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=156640

vForceEdge is an experimental adaptation of vForce (uses vForceEdge VFE)
http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...&postcount=713

The reason this thread "vForce the revolution" goes all over the place is because it was the original thread when vForce was released. It then started to get out of control as lots of people wanted to make changes. As a result ForexJedi made this into the experimental thread and started "vForce EU Only" for those who want to learn how he trades vForce.

I explained the differences between VFA and VFE in post 696
http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...&postcount=696

When the vForceEdge project is finished it will be released in it's own thread as a complete system. It is only part way through development at this stage. I posted VFE as an incomplete system because this is the experimental thread and I find it promotes a lot of good ideas (even if it is confusing at times). RD

--- 帖子 #763 ---
E-piphany welcome to the Force, great question. At this stage only the MM rules given in post 730 are used. If I change more than one thing at a time then I don't know what I am testing. I am trying to build up from the absolute most simple entry rules to the more complicated entry rules one simple step at a time. Hope that makes sense.

My vForceSim tool was posted to allow everyone to test different MM scenarios. I would enjoy seeing some other MM scenario results posted here.

vForce Simulator post 726
http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...&postcount=726

--- 帖子 #764 ---
Elovv, Yes you understand it correctly.

VFA versus VFE signal logic

The original vForce system using vForceAlerts does not filter signals. This was done on purpose to allow the trader have an active role in deciding which signals to trade.

vForceEdge takes a different approach. That is VFE generates more signals but also uses filters to increase the percentage of winning signals. This means VFE is trying to achieve a difficult balance between too many poor quality signals and too few good quality signals.

This is a much more complicated approach than VFA which simply prints signals as soon as all the indicators line up. VFE is trying to improve on this by essentially pushing on both the 'accelerator' and the 'brakes' at the same time. See what I mean ? RD

--- 帖子 #765 ---
I see what you mean and understand. I asked because I have seen that the signal differs and I like what I see in post 730. What I can see even VForcealert make it good with this rules.

Elovv

--- 帖子 #766 ---
Qestion about confirmation bar.

On VForce alert the confirmation bar went green if the buy/sell alert whas triggered in the four next bars.

Look at my VForce edge chart. Signal bar 16.45. Next bar whent dark green, but the signal not triggerd. The signal whas triggerd by the 17.15 bar.

Next signal bar 22.45. The bar 23.15 whent light green. The signal newer went triggered.

I ask because I want understand. IBFX chart.

Elovv

--- 帖子 #767 ---
Thanks for getting back to me Robdee. Just a couple of things. I am always on skype if you ever need to bounce any thoughts/ideas. I think your programming skills are at a different level to mine. Your in 5th gear and I am just starting the engine! But I do have 15years of trading experience which is in my eyes invaluable

Final question is whether the "rules/indicators" that drive VFE could be used on the indices or other instruments or do you think they are exclusive for FX and specific pairs?

Regards

Vimal

--- 帖子 #768 ---
When you say "signal not triggered" I think you are talking about the retrace price label. I have looked at your chart, there is no error.

This is the sequence.if signal rules match then paint signal candle (red or blue) if confirm rules match then paint confirm candle (light green or green) if reverse rules match then paint reverse candle (light green or green) ignore one candle if retrace rules match then print retrace price label (darkorange or royalblue) VFE Reversals in Detail
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...89#post2637189

VFE ConfirmByPips
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...94#post2637094

VFE ConfirmByClose
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...43#post2634343

== RetraceLabelBuy Rules ==

1. buysignal is confirmed (OR) sellsignal is reversed

2. confirmedcandle is at least 2 bars ago

3. low of this candle is below MA6

4. low of this candle is below signalcandle high + 55 pips

5. no candles have closed below the signalcandle low

== RetraceLabelSell Rules ==

1. sellsignal is confirmed (OR) buysignal is reversed

2. confirmedcandle is at least 2 bars ago

3. high of this candle is above MA6

4. high of this candle is above signalcandle low - 55 pips

5. no candles have closed above the signalcandle high

--- 帖子 #769 ---
As you know my entire focus has been on EURUSD 15min. Therefore I expect that the signal rules in VFE are highly tuned to this pair and timeframe. On the other hand I have had a few emails from people who claim that the earlier versions of VFE worked on 'everything'. I haven't looked into it myself. RD

--- 帖子 #770 ---
Rob, thank you for taking you time to explain!

"Originally Posted by Elovv http://www.forexfactory.com/images/buttons/viewpost.gif
If I understand "the edge only" from your post 730 the trades is taken immediately the signal bar close (no wait for 10 pips confirmation)?

Elovv, Yes you understand it correctly"

And how do you calculate entry price in the spredsheat? Is it open of the bar after signal bar or what?

Elovv

--- 帖子 #771 ---
Thanks a lot for the reply robdee!Happy trading!

--- 帖子 #772 ---
Hi Rob,

I using IBFX, please advice why my vforce price label is not 10 pips from the signal candle?

i have tried remove and download new indicator, but still the same.

Thanks,

--- 帖子 #773 ---
hi robdee..

just to make sure is this chart the correct template for Vforce signal only?coz it seem like no signal red and blue candle,only light and dark green candle..hope u can correct what i am doing wrong..

many thanks in advance

--- 帖子 #774 ---
First time I'm posting. I have the same problem. Please assist urgently. Looks like great system.

Regards

--- 帖子 #775 ---
This VFA maintenance update includes support for brokers who have changed the EURUSD symbol.

Users input the symbol using the BrokerEuroSymbol=EURUSD setting.

For exampleIBFX mini account uses EURUSDm, BrokerEuroSymbol=EURUSDm Forex.com uses EURUSDpro, BrokerEuroSymbol=EURUSDpro When VFA has found the correct euro symbol to use as a reference you will see a message in Experts tab like this.vForceAlerts EURUSDpro,M15: EURUSDpro Digits=5 PipDigits=4 PipDecimal=0.0001 PipValue=$10.00 Server=[Forex.com-Demo]  Inserted Code +-----------------------------------------------------+
| INDICATOR                         vForceAlerts.EX4  |
| copy to [experts\indicators] and apply template     |
| status messages printed in Experts tab of terminal  |
+-----------------------------------------------------+
| 'vForce' trading system created by ForexJedi.       |
| Alerts for 'vForce' are NOT FILTERED by design.     |
| Every qualified signal candle triggers an alert.    |
+-----------------------------------------------------+
| This is free experimental software.                 |
| No guarantees are expressed or implied.             |
| Support in "vForce the revolution" FF forum thread. |
+-----------------------------------------------------+
author  [url="http://www.forexfactory.com/member.php?u=12983"]www.forexfactory.com/member.php?u=12983[/url]
support [url="http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=155871"]www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=155871[/url]

INDICATOR_VERSION    20090408
INDICATOR_NAME       "vForceAlerts"
RELEASE_LEVEL        "Public"
MT4_BUILD            223

vForceAlerts previous version in post 577
http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...&postcount=577

This version of vForceAlerts is V20090408

--- 帖子 #776 ---
Thanks to FJ and RD for this system.  Can anybody help me with the indicator showing the time remaining on candle? Regards.

--- 帖子 #777 ---
I hope this is what you were looking for

--- 帖子 #778 ---
Thank you, it is what I was looking for.

--- 帖子 #779 ---
Robdee, I have a quick question. Do I enter the trade right when a buy or sell candle appears, or do I wait for it to retrace and then enter?

Ashur

--- 帖子 #780 ---
That is the great question. Sometimes it is better to wait for a retrace, sometimes it is better to enter immediately. My recent posts about VFE have shown how trades that were entered immediately did well on average. On the other hand you can see on your chart that sometimes it will be much better for the risk:reward ratio to wait for a retrace.

A good way to answer this question is to try both ways and see which one you like best. That is why I have provided vForceSim, so you can try any rules you want to and see how it goes.

vForce Simulator
http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...&postcount=726

--- 帖子 #781 ---
Hi RD,,,Quick question,,Are the signals now time sensitive?,Based on the ideal trading hours,,I am getting a buy/sell on one template but not the other,,,thx

--- 帖子 #782 ---
any one test thise sys ? what the result?

were can i fin the latest indy?

thise sys look good  but still need u r comment on thise

thankes

--- 帖子 #783 ---
Anyone else finding that there hasn't been a VFE signal since 04/06 22:45 GMT?

--- 帖子 #784 ---
Dear Forex Jedi:

Your system looks very interesting. I have installed it on the metatrader platform of an Ibfx account about 24 hours ago but it has no shown any trades. I wonder if I am missing something. Please give me a hand getting started.

Yours

AF

--- 帖子 #785 ---
okay thank you very much rob!

--- 帖子 #786 ---
Piptalk, there has been no change to the indicators, they are not filtering signals by time of day. If I make any change like that I always post the update here in the thread. Keep reading this thread and you will know what is happening.

Everyone, my charts below for reference, these are the recent signals I see.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #787 ---
Great system! I just started using the VFA template last nite and I show the same as your VFA chart.

I do see the VSE template showed a possible long trade setup that the VSA didn't?

So my question is would it be better to use the VSE instead?

Thanks for all your hard work! It is very much appreciated!

Tony

--- 帖子 #788 ---
Oops.... I meant VFE and VFA.... sorry!

--- 帖子 #789 ---
hi robdee..

just wondering my VFE chart has same chart as yours,but only dont have red n blue candle,i have reinstall back,but still the same chart appears,can u tell me wat im doing wrong...

many thanks in advance

--- 帖子 #790 ---
different brokers are giving different sorts of signals. i tried the template on fx-pro and alpari and they were looking different. What broker are you using robdee?

--- 帖子 #791 ---
this is what I mean. The top image is from al trade, and the bottom is from alpari. The alpari one is showing more trades.

--- 帖子 #792 ---
Hello Ashur,

This question has been asked and answered many times in this thread, if you go here:

http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...&postcount=266

it might help.

--- 帖子 #793 ---
Okay thank you!

--- 帖子 #794 ---
Hi Robdee, what is the difference between the vfe indicator included with the sim and the latest one you released I think on April 2?

--- 帖子 #795 ---
I don't know how many times I'm going have to say this...

Please get the right template and that will solve all candle colour issues.

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...38#post2654438

If you're not sure what templates you have then delete them and download the right ones. If you see something on the chart that does not look right then re-apply the template to force a complete refresh. I do that many times a day with all the different things I am testing. Enjoy! RD

--- 帖子 #796 ---
Ashur, as you now know different brokers will almost certainly give different signals. We even saw this with plain and simple Force5 signals, so Jedi decided that IBFX would be our reference datafeed.

Another reason Alpari is printing more VFE signals is the volumes that Alpari reports with their 15min candles are much higher than IBFX volumes. This means the HideSellsLowVolume=200 which has been set at that level for the IBFX feed will not be filtering correctly on the Alpari feed which needs a value higher than 200. I have not figured out what value it should be set to for Alpari. RD

--- 帖子 #797 ---
Adsanders welcome to the Force

I have tried to explain that it is not a simple choice of 'which is better'.

Please read these posts then consider re-phrasing your question

VFA versus VFE signal logic
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...82#post2654582

VFE in relation to other Force systems
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...34#post2654534

VFA VFE differences
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...57#post2650457

vForceAlerts is the only indicator approved for vForce
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...69#post2636269

vForceAlerts is the indicator approved for vForce
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...15#post2621315

Looking back at these posts I think I must be crazy trying to support both VFA and VFE in one thread - anyone have some ideas how to solve this ?

--- 帖子 #798 ---
hello robdee..

sorry to make u headache by lots of silly Q,it just becoz i had mixed the tamplete and the alert,edge,anyhow fix it already..many thanks again RD

--- 帖子 #799 ---
A few people have been asking about more data for vForceSim. I too have wanted to go back and start testing February.

I have downloaded a good clean database back to 2-Feb-09.

The attached ZIP file (below) contains updates forMT4-BackTest\history\metaquotes-demo\EURUSD1.hst MT4-BackTest\history\metaquotes-demo\EURUSD15.hst The cleanest way to update the database (to avoid bar mismatch errors) is to remove all existing .hst files in the metaquotes-demo folder and then unzip EURUSDhistory.zip into that same folder.

When MT4-Backtest\terminal.exe starts it will use the two new .hst files.

Run vForceSim starting from 2-Feb to 10-April then go to the File.Open Offline menu to check that your database dates are the same as shown below. You don't need to wait for it to run all the way through. As soon as you see the price action on the chart you can stop it. The close and restart to see the database dates below.

Attached Image

All the rest of VForceSim is found in post 726
http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...&postcount=726

--- 帖子 #800 ---
Is there a email alert added to VFA i dont see option under inputs?

thx

--- 帖子 #801 ---
Oh I see. Thank you for taking the time to explain rob.

--- 帖子 #802 ---
Hi,,,,As we progress each trading day v force is proveing to be a viable trading system,,,Another profitabe trade today,,,plus 100 pips!!,,,RD,,,Thanks for all your effort,,,backtesting,design,,etc. With proper money management and a keen awareness for PA and basic trading knowledge,,,,This is a system that should be profitable for the long haul!!!,,,,Just my 2 pips worth!!

--- 帖子 #803 ---
Hi piptalk.

Can you please tell me with which vforce system you are making these profits.

Can you post me the indicator/tempalte link and the pdf where the system is explained?

--- 帖子 #804 ---
Hi Bladerunner,,,Look under the paperclip at the top of this page and go to April 1st,,,I like the vforce tpl. Black,,,EZ on he eyes,,,There were 2 sell signal this morning one at 11;15 GMT AND A RETRACEMENT at 12:45 gmt,,,Hope this helps,,,

--- 帖子 #805 ---
I like the vforce edge,,A little more flexibility with the pullback entries,,

--- 帖子 #806 ---
Hey Rob. Sorry to bother you again. Do you think this strategy will work this good in the long run as markets change?

--- 帖子 #807 ---
Still no signal. Neither do I see the appropiate text or any reference in the experts tab of the terminal. I do have the Interbank mini account. What should I do?

Regards.

AF

--- 帖子 #808 ---
no trades for anyone so far?

--- 帖子 #809 ---
There was a nice long trade setup this morning on the 7 AM CST candle with the green confirmation candle on the 8 AM CST candle. I wasn't available to take the trade but it did go for +120 pips. I use FXDD demo. Also am using the VForce alert.

--- 帖子 #810 ---
Yeah i'm using the vforce edge. Last week showed some good profits, hoping for the same thing this week!

--- 帖子 #811 ---
2 nice trade signals today!!,So far,,,

--- 帖子 #812 ---
Hi,

I just wonder anyone of u are kind enuff to share the template and indicator which are working with themselves to me. Cause i have dl the template and indicator from robdee but it cant work for me and no signal for my vforce edge. Just wonder anyone here is able to help me.

--- 帖子 #813 ---
Here you go.

--- 帖子 #814 ---
Hey Rob, I've been watching the vForceEdge system this week at all the times that were said to be the best times, but there hasn't been a single trade during those times yet. There were a few good trades but i didn't enter them, because they were a few candles sticks out from the times listed. Are we going to have to change the times we trade, or do you think its still to soon in the week to determine whether or not the trading times are changing? Thank you in advance.

Ps: sorry for all the "times" used in the post

--- 帖子 #815 ---
Ashur, not sure which 'week' you mean. This week has only just started after the Easter holiday. If you are having problems waiting for VFE signals I suggest taking a look at Force5 where there are many more signals.

Here is what VFE gave me so far today...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Also, when people ask for VFE files send them to post 713...
http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...&postcount=713

I don't want support issues here because people haven't read the instructions or are using mismatched files.

--- 帖子 #816 ---
If this VFE project is going to progress I need help.

I don't want to prescribe exactly what to do, I would rather let creative enthusiasm carry us forward as each person finds their own way to contribute.

400+ downloads of the latest VFE which suggests there is a large silent user base out there just waiting to take their participation to the next level.

I have one idea that worked well in the Force5 thread...

Compiling a user guide into PDF format is very helpful because we can give newbies the PDF to get them up-to-date without them having to troll through every post and try to make sense of it all.

Anyone else have ideas for positive contributions to this project ?

--- 帖子 #817 ---
Dude, thanks a lot it works fine for me now. Happy trading.

--- 帖子 #818 ---
Hi,

Is there anyone who can explain the use of each candle start from no.1 to no.6 in my attached picture. After reading the explaination above by rob i still dun understand when to enter each time the signal come out and which one is the right signal.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #819 ---
Well, you can call me a culprit Rob ...... but I downloaded your system .... I joined this forum, I mean, registered here just for your thread but did not showed up here. I am a novice and have been silently following others' discussions .... not saying anything ... there was anything to say in the first place, every question was posed and all. Hope you understand. But here in your thread ..... while back-testing your sytem ..... before making a comment ..... I am baffled. First of all ... I don't know what system I downloaded because it seems you have more than one or two called Force or vForce ..... today I read of a vForce Edge, but I am pretty sure I have read of a vForce Expert that is awaited ..... but I downloaded the one you gave on the first page of this thread ..... a 15M system. I have tried it on three demo accounts all at the same time ..... with different brokers .... FXPro, AlPari and Forex-Metal. All three use different time frames, FxPro uses GMT+3, Alpari uses GMT+2 and Forex-Metal uses GMT0, so there has been a problem ..... I have not been getting proper signals .... I mean at one time Red candle will appear .... and then Green one ..... but after some time later in the day I will see that the green candle has disappeared ....... and I will get a signal with one broker and no signal with the other ........ Can somebody help me ? And please also relate if Expert has been released ..... ? If not, how will we know ? will there be a separate thread ? or right here ?

I apologize for being lazy but there are a whole lot of pages in this thread to sift through them ..... I am not that a good reader .... so think perhaps someone might decide to help me out here.

And on a side note, just downloaded your force 5M pdf file and wanted you to know that your system(5M Force) has been copied .... I have seen it somewhere with a different name and a different template ... can't locate the source but of copying I am pretty sure. Will tell you if I remember or come across it again.

--- 帖子 #820 ---
Zotopec, welcome to the Force. You have questions that I am sure people here know the answers. I'm going to wait and see who has enthusiasm for this system and will step up and help you. I know I cannot do it all once vForce really takes off. So I need help from people who can answer newbie questions. I hope you understand what I'm trying to do here. RD

--- 帖子 #821 ---
Alright, Zotopec, about the brokers, if you go to page 53, post 793, you will find that I asked the same question as you. Merlyn explains what to do to be on the same page as everyone else with the signals. So go check it out, its pretty simple. If you want to, after you have followed the instructions about brokers, post a screenshot, and I'll tell you whether its the correct one or not. By the way, I use vForceEdge.

Ashur

--- 帖子 #822 ---
Hey Rob, I'd be more than happy to help, I'm just trying to learn as much as I can myself. I know it's a heavy load on you when everyone's asking you and relying on you for all the answers. But yeah, I'm going to try out a few different things with the system, and I'll help as much people as I can with you and others!

Ashur

--- 帖子 #823 ---
Hi ashur,

It seems that my question being ignored or missed by everyone here. I just wonder can u pls explain it to me maybe u can go through the post i just post last few posts back.

--- 帖子 #824 ---
Alright Stan, from my knowledge, this is what each one is:

1. light green candle-is used as a confirming candle.

2.  Red Candle-is a sell signal. Once you see one you wait for the light green confirming candle(depending on how you want to trade)

3. Yellow Price Label-this is when the price retraces. I usually wait for this to appear then I enter my Sell position.

4.you circled the blue price label, basically what that is, is the price that the market has to reach for the buy order to be confirmed, if that price label gets hit, a light green confirming candle will appear. As you can see it didn't reach.

5.Dark Green Candle-this means the signal reversed, so as you can see the previous bar was a BUY candle, but the dark green candle tells us that the signal is reversed, so we wait for either a confirmation candle(light green candle) or a retracement price label depending on how you want to trade the system.

6.Light Blue Price Label-this is when the price retraces after a buy signal. I wait for this before I enter a long position.

Honestly, what I find works best for me, is to just look out for Yellow Price Labels, and Light Blue price labels to execute trades. Yellow means sell and Light Blue means buy. Don't mix up the light blue labels with the dark blue labels though.

Also for anyone that notices something wrong with how i interpreted the signals, please correct it as I don't want people getting confused.

Anyways Stan I hoped that helped

Ashur

--- 帖子 #825 ---
Very nice explanation Ashur

and this was the explanation for
vForceEdge V20090402 right?

--- 帖子 #826 ---
Dude, Im very happy that u have helped me a lot on this and ur explaination is cool. Anyway i would like to confirm one more time is it today theres no signal for the whole day?

Cause i scare my template occuring the same problem like last time which it cant generate any signal at all. Just wan to double check with u guys. Thanks a lot anyway.

--- 帖子 #827 ---
So I am trying to sum up the differing bars, colours etc. Being colourblind, it ain't that easy. I know you can change colours etc in MT4 and I do this all the time

But in a nutshell, is it best to wait for the price label to appear before initiating a position and just take that simplistic approach rather than follow the changing bar colours?!?

It is a great system. Yet to implement it but have seen it performing because its easy to audit the trades

--- 帖子 #828 ---
Yes thats correct alex.

--- 帖子 #829 ---
There wasn't a signal all day until 14:15. I've included a screenshot so check it out and see if it matches yours(minus the fibonacci lines)

--- 帖子 #830 ---
Well so far there really isn't any solid rules for this system as its an experiment, but yeah what I do to make things simple is to wait either for a yellow price label or a light blue price label and go for the trade.

Ashur

--- 帖子 #831 ---
Hi robdee

I have a doubt about the validity of MA6 filter ("HideBuysAboveMA6" and "HideSellsLowMA6").
Even if this filter is made false, almost no trick trade is avoided.
A lot of signals(chance) are missed.
The trading decreases when this filter is made true.
I make these filters false.
And, after "Retrace signal" appears, i go to entry.

--- 帖子 #832 ---
Yeah I think you have a point there Maturi, I'm going to try it out like that too and see how it works.

--- 帖子 #833 ---
cognitively, colored should help

Alright Stan, from my knowledge, this is what each one is:

1. Light Green candle-is used as a confirmingcandle.

2. Red Candle-is a Sell signal. Once you see one you wait for the light green confirming candle(depending on how you want to trade)

3. Yellow Price Label-this is when the price retraces.I usually wait for this to appear then I enter my Sell position.

4.you circled the Blue price label, basically what that is, is the price that the market has to reach for the buy order to be confirmed, if that price label gets hit, a light green confirming candle will appear. As you can see it didn't reach.

5.Dark Green Candle-this means the signal reversed, so as you can see the previous bar was a BUY candle, but the dark green candle tells us that the signal is reversed, so we wait for either a confirmation candle(light green candle) or a retracement price label depending on how you want to trade the system.

6.Light Blue Price Label-this is when the price retraces after a buy signal.I wait for this before I enter a long position.

Honestly, what I find works best for me, is to just look out for Yellow Price Labels, and Light Blue price labelsto execute trades. Yellow means sell and Light Blue means buy. Don't mix up the light blue labels with the dark blue labels though.

Also for anyone that notices something wrong with how i interpreted the signals, please correct it as I don't want people getting confused.

--- 帖子 #834 ---
Maturi welcome to the Force.

Yes I made those filters optional so you can decide. Turning the filters OFF increases signals but also higher risk on some trades. I leave the filter ON when I release the software because I am thinking of all the new users who are just learning the system so I need to give them the 'safest' trades.

VFE is a trying to accelerate and stay safe at the same time. That can be a difficult balance to achieve especially when market conditions are not helpful.

For more information on the design goals of VFE see this post...
http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...&postcount=765

--- 帖子 #835 ---
ashur123 and forexalex great to see your contributions.

The green candles either confirm or reverse a signal candleA darker green candle is always bullish, after a buy signal candle it confirms, after a sell signal candle it reverses A lighter green candle is always bearish, after a sell signal candle it confirms, after a buy signal candle it reverses I see this discussion about colours in VFE so I've listed below the colour settings.

Inserted Code [Inputs Tab]
ConfirmLabelBuy     = MediumBlue
ConfirmLabelSell    = Red
StopLabelBuy        = Gray
StopLabelSell       = Gray
RetraceLabelBuy     = RoyalBlue
RetraceLabelSell    = DarkOrange

[Colors Tab]
0 MediumBlue   BUY alert arrows
1 Red          SELL alert arrows
2 ForestGreen  BULLISH confirm/reverse candle body
3 LimeGreen    BEARISH confirm/reverse candle body
4 MediumBlue   BULLISH signal candle body
5 Red          BEARISH signal candle body

from VFE V20090402 post 713...
http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...&postcount=713

--- 帖子 #836 ---
Thanks again ashur. After double checking with u i find out my signal and urs is the same.

--- 帖子 #837 ---
I have been trading on my live account VFE Signals Only ( See Rob´s post #730 on page 49 )  with UNBELIEVABLE results since Rob posted it on April 3rd.

I decided to pull the trigger without a hesitation immediately after Blue or Red candle appears without thinking about retracements and better entry.

I have made 12 trades since April 6th and 10 of them winners and only 2 losers of 50 pips each,  with a total of 940 pips in profit since April 6th .

I only trade the recommended GMT time  6:00-8:45,  14:00-14:45 and 19:00-23:45 .

Back testing Feb and March the results show 1500 to 2000 pips each month.

This system is a PURE GOLDMINE

Thanks Rob and Forexjedi  for the best system EVER  .

--- 帖子 #838 ---
I think many people still dont understand the entry rules of the VFE very well thats why there are not many contrubution, if you will reconfirm exactly what the rules for the VFE are again, Im sure many people will begin to bring in their experiences and suggestions,

--- 帖子 #839 ---
That's awesome Biggz! I will be trying this out myself!

I was wondering.... if you get a blue or red candle outside of the trade times you listed here.... you just ignore them and don't take the trade?

I have been testing the Vforce alerts system with some success. But this looks like it is more profitable. Thanks for sharing your story.

--- 帖子 #840 ---
That's great to hear biggz. Do you take profit once it hits the upper or lower MA lines, or do you do it differently?

--- 帖子 #841 ---
Biggz welcome to the Force. I am so pleased that you shared your experience. I was starting to wonder if anyone else understood my posts, now I know that you certainly do, I'm not alone on this

The VFE Signals Only that Biggz refers to are here...

VFE Signals Only Trading post 730
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...02#post2650802

VFE 230% profit with 'Signal Times' filtering post 747
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...51#post2652951

--- 帖子 #842 ---
robdee,ashur123

Thank you for the reply.

By the way, I was using vForceEdge in the demo account.

VForceEdge established the account in the brokerage firm in Japan because it was wonderful.

And, I was going to operate vForceEdge by the real account.

But it did not run only by vForceEdge.ex4 in the real account.

It doesn't run only by ex4 though a lot of experiments were done.

It seems to have to recompile.

Will you know the method for operation in the real account only with vForceEdge.ex4?

MT4 uses buld223.

--- 帖子 #843 ---
Hi

I have looked at the system VForceEdge only i april. It should have been very profitable to have traded it with Robs rules. But I think the time filter had no sucess this month so far. It should have filtered many good trades.

Regards

Elovv

--- 帖子 #844 ---
A few of us trade VFE just with the price labels that come up

The question I had Robdee was does this seem a good way to trade VFE and if so, is there an alert function/bleep for just the price labels coming up?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #845 ---
Maturi, if you use a different broker you will get different signals. I use IBFX demo for signals and then make the trades over on my real account with no indicators. I do not use vForceEdge on my real account. I tried it on my real account and the signals are not good, so that is what I recommend. IBFX is the best datafeed I know.

If you must run VFE on a different broker the most common problem when running vForceEdge is the BrokerEuroSymbol=EURUSD must be changed to match the broker symbol. For example forex.com uses EURUSDpro instead of EURUSD. So you must change the setting in vForceEdge.ex4 to BrokerEuroSymbol=EURUSDpro for that one. Does your broker use a different symbol?

Look in the Experts tab of the terminal window to see the messages like this one below...

vForceEdge EURUSDpro,M15: EURUSDpro Digits=5 PipDigits=4 PipDecimal=0.0001 PipValue=$10.00 Server=[Forex.com-Demo]

Hope that helps you, RD

--- 帖子 #846 ---
adsanders,  sometimes I do, if I have a feeling that the trend is obviously going up or down,  then I try to enter at retracement , like this morning there was a red candle at 4:30 GMT , I woke up at 5:45, price was retracing and trend was very clear bearish on a 15 min chart, ( since April 13th ) so I felt it was a low risk entry to go short at bottom of the hour and went short at 1:3202 and closed my trade at 1.3152 when price touched the monthly pivot line,  good 50 point trade. On April 13 at a round 22:00 price was starting to decline and I decided to wait for a red candle if it would show before midnight to go short, red candle came at 00:00  and I went short at 00:15 with a 50 point SL,  went to sleep and closed the trade next day with a 90 pip profit.

ashur123,  I try to let my trades run if I have a good feel for it ( oversold or overbought era´s  )  like my April 6 trade at 6:45  which I let run for 50 hours with 320 point profit.

These signals are very accurate ,  sometimes the price retrace 30 points against you as soon as you enter,  but sometimes it does not,  so I decided to try it for a few weeks to enter immedieatly when signal occurs with a hard 50 point stop loss,, and it really is working great.

--- 帖子 #847 ---
Vimal

As you know it seems to make sense to wait for a retrace. I also know that entering immediately after a signal is a lot simpler. I wish I knew which was best, I don't. The only thing I have tested is 'Signals Only' trading.

In this post I tried to explain this
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...09#post2659209

vForceEdge indicator is finished. I'm not developing it any more, I am spending my time trying to figure out entry/exit rules.

Hope that helps, RD

PS Vimal your FF profile setup you are blocking private messages.

--- 帖子 #848 ---
Thanks for getting back to me on this. I will check my profile out for sure to understand why private message aren't getting through

Regards

Vimal

--- 帖子 #849 ---
robdee

very thanks.

BrokerEuroSymbol was different as you said.

It run correctly when BrokerEuroSymbol was correctly corrected.

As for retrace, it is a question.

When retrace signal appears, should I make stoploss "-10pip" based on which price?

--- 帖子 #850 ---
Hi,

I installed the vEdge with vEdge template recently and look at a few picture posting by Rob and i notice my MA line is not the same.

is it because i need to do some settings or i need a different MA indicator?

thanks, if anyone can help me.

attached is sample picture on my pc.

rgds

--- 帖子 #851 ---
Dark,

This has been caused by the IBFX primary demo server going from 4 digit decimals to 5 digit decimals. Further back along this thread I think Robdee puts up some options to try to revert to a demo2 server that is still 4 digit. However, when I tried this it did not work for me so I converted everything to 5 digit.

The best thing to do is to click on the MA(6) properties, go to the Levels tab and put in 300 and -300 instead of 30 and -30. This is because we are now dealing with values that are effectively 0.1 pip on the datafeed and so need to scale up to get the actual pip values. Watch out for this on other indicators and EAs.

Cheers,

fb

--- 帖子 #852 ---
Thanks FB i tried and its ok now!

--- 帖子 #853 ---
Robdee,

Ihave been trading VFE "signals only" using my MIG account, and so far it is really working well. I notice I am getting more signals than with IBFX and the signal bar is showing more volume. should this make such a diference that the VFE system is not viable with another broker's data feed?

So far today I have had 2 signals using MIG (none from IBFX) and both times the volume was almost double what IBFX was showing. I am up 48 pips with the 1st trade (10:15 GMT), and 14:30 GMT trade that is still open up 14 pips at the moment.

In any event I must extend my thanks to you for sharing your fabulous abilities with us.

--- 帖子 #854 ---
Good evening everyone.

I'm a senior c programmer and i'm learnig forex since last year. Now I'm studing mt4 language and I had tried to develop my first ea working with vForce signals.

it is the first beta but it seems start working....

If someone is interested i can post a link to this ea for some suggestions.

Thanks and sorry for my english (I have to work on it also...)

Good pips everyone,

Richboy1972

--- 帖子 #855 ---
Hi

I´m intrested of your EA. Is it for VFE or VFA?

Elovv

--- 帖子 #856 ---
in the meanwhile..

I must remember that

Ronald Raygun has already developed an EA for VFA

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=156609

--- 帖子 #857 ---
Thanks for the reply biggz. I was wondering, which server do you use, because I'm looking back at my chart to april 6th and it doesnt show me a trade at 6:45, however there is a  trade at 8:45.

Ashur

--- 帖子 #858 ---
Ashur.

I use IBFX for charting,  I think that Rob said somewhere that IBFX gives the most accurate signals.

On April 6 I have a red candle at 06:30 ( sell entry at 06:45 ),  and again a red candle at 11:30.  Your entry at 8:45 would also been a perfect entry for sell order,   but I am not sure why different signals are given .

--- 帖子 #859 ---
Biggz.

Yeah, I think there's something defiantly wrong with mine. I replaced the template and indicator to the newest ones and its still showing me green bars only. I know rob repeated over and over again that it might be an old file, so I reinstalled metatrader all at once and put the files in then and its still showing me green bars and no signal at the 6:45 point. Heres a picture of my chart. Any other ideas why it won't work correctly for me. I think some other people around here are having the same problem also.

--- 帖子 #860 ---
Hi Richboy1972!!,,,,,If you could set up the ea to buy half position on the on the first buy/sell signal and and the balance of the position on the retracement signal would be awesome!!,,,Is that possible?  thx

--- 帖子 #861 ---
Good night everyone....

here my first ea.

I continue to upgrade the code until winning.

Actually it opens a pending orders following the vforce rules with 1 hour expiration time (4 bars).

The opens seems work fine... i'm trying to do a good exit...

SL and TP are automatic chosen using the vforce' SL rule and choosing a consequent TP. Lot size are automatic using RiskPercent...

Work with 4 and 5 digits brokers....

Suggestion greatly appreciate ;-))

You all can test it on DEMO account (for now) downloading from :
http://www.massimogreco.it/public/RichBoy1972vForce.zip

SOURCE CODE. Put it on your expert dir....

(Sorry for my English..)

--- 帖子 #862 ---
Ashur.

Here is the correct template and the Indicator for VFE Signal Only.

Delete the one you are using and upload this instead.

--- 帖子 #863 ---
My original money management rules (MM) are in post 730.
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...02#post2650802TP1=50 TP2=100 TP3=150 (35:35:30) SL intially placed 35 pips above/below MA6. SL is moved to BE when +35 is reached. SL is then trailed 35 pips above/below MA6. VFE is an experiment so everyone decides on their own MM rules and if they find something that works well they are welcome to post it here. RD

--- 帖子 #864 ---
JoelD, thanks for your comments. My live account is also with MIG. I agree MIG volumes are much higher than IBFX and this certainly changes the number of signals. There are also other significant differences in the MIG data feed.

My current VFE volume filter settings on IBFX demo areHideBuysLowVolume=100 HideSellsLowVolume=200 These settings are not correct for MIG or Alpari (for example) that both report much higher volumes than IBFX, so the thresholds need to be set higher. What correct value for these two brokers I do not know.

In my experience I have never been satisifed with the charting provided by my own broker so I have always used a different source for charting. I expect this to continue in all of my future trading.

--- 帖子 #865 ---
Thanks Biggz I figured it out though. I went into inputs and changed HideBuysAboveMa6 and HideSellsBelowMA6 to false and changed the colors my self and now I'm getting the same signals as you and Robdee are. So if anyone else is having troubles loading the template of VFE Signals Only, just follow what I did and you'll be on the same track.

Ashur

--- 帖子 #866 ---
Hi Richboy,,,,,I have loaded your ea ,,,,,Running on demo,,,ibfx,,,I am looking forward to the results,,,thx

--- 帖子 #867 ---
robdee Thanks

I read past thread.

But it can't be understood, so I question.

Please teach the meaning that sets 200 to "HideSellsLowVolume" though "HideBuysLowVolume" is 0.

I think that Volume necessary for filter is changed by the trading hour.

For instance, Volume is few at the Tokyo time compared with the NY time and London time.

I think that it is effective filter if Volume is changed by the trading hour.

But good Signal is overlooked at time zone that Volume is few when Volume is fixed.

How about changing Volume used in filter by trading hour?

I think that I should experiment on the optimum value.

--- 帖子 #868 ---
HideSellsLowVolume=200

This means if the volume of a sell signal candle is less than 200 then it will not be displayed. The idea here is low volume time periods give less reliable signals so I filter them out.

To see the volume for a candle open the Data Window or see [V:    ] in the status bar.

Volume filters are explained in this post...
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...me#post2626556

I have also decided to set HideBuysLowVolume=100 (not 0) because I don't want to see the lowest volume buy signals either.

My filter settings are deisgned to work with the IBFX data feed only.

--- 帖子 #869 ---
Nice and easy open uncongested price action down the channel.

VFE highlighting the key decision points along the way...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #870 ---
This night my ea pump my account from 2900USD to 3080USD ;-))) Very luky night ;-)))

Now i'm going to improve the exit ....

--- 帖子 #871 ---
I took a image of chart in the same period as you.

It is quite different from your image.

The image above is a setting of defalt.

The image below is the following setting.

HideSellLowVolume=0

HideBuysLowVolume=0

HideBuysAboveMA6=false

HideSellsBelowMA6=false
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #872 ---
Hi all,

first, thanks for your job.

Maturi, i have same chart than Rob on IBFX with default settings

--- 帖子 #873 ---
Maturi, yes different servers will have different candles therefore different signals. We have seen this difference with Force5, vForce, and vForceEdge. ForexJedi decided the best way was to select IBFX as our standard reference for all Force systems.

If you want to have the same signals as me then you can install IBFX for charting so you can see the same data that I am using...

IBFX reference data feed setup post 2078
http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...postcount=2078

--- 帖子 #874 ---
Hi Rob,

sorry for my poor english, I just realise that using 200SMA to filter lot of fake signals.

The rules is :

Vforce

and

200 SMA to close

for LONG

---------

-200SMA is on uptrand

-take the vforce blue only signal candle when is above 200SMA

for SHORT

---------

-200SMA is on downtrand

-take the vforce red only signal candle when is below 200SMA

Please refer to the screenshot for today trade you will know what i mean.

--- 帖子 #875 ---
Sony

Hi. Your english may be bad but my eyesight is even worse. Where is the 200SMA on the chart and also, have you looked at any prior days/weeks to see whether this is applicable? One day may not be sufficient to conclude.

Having said that, your concept seems to be VF in the direction of the trend? Is that right?

--- 帖子 #876 ---
I have back tested using Vforce and 200SMA for march. seems it quite profitable by using both.

the 200SMA is the Purple line above the candle.

--- 帖子 #877 ---
Hi Richboy,

I tested your EA and i notice it follows Vforce signal rather than VEdge?

just want to confirm if your EA is for Vforce or Vedge.

my setup: loaded on VEdge indicator template.

e.g

EURUSD triggers 1.30430 (17042009 GMT 11.15).

this is seen in normal vforce 15m.

however in VEdge i don't see this signal.

rgds

--- 帖子 #878 ---
can someone tell me which is the best system? vforce or vforceedge (VFE). I am so confused which system to test.

And, Can someone tell me where to get the both systems with a template and if there is a pdf ?

--- 帖子 #879 ---
Yes, it uses vForce, but i'm studing even one for vEdge...

Today i update the code, so tomorrow i think i could post the new code..

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #880 ---
Hi question

What would be the percentage of wins of setting take profit to strictly 5 pips per trade when a trade is initiated using the rules(VFA)?  thx

--- 帖子 #881 ---
"Knowing when the market will have momentum is key to not getting caught in reversals..."

I found an article explaining daily events that influence the forex markets.
I made a timetable that shows my understanding of important times during the 24-hour forex day. See ForexMarketsTiming.pdf below. - RD

Update...

I made an indicator that prints four key times each day on the chart.6:00 Zurich 7:00 London 14:00 Chicago 23:00 Rollover It is setup for IBFX gmt times but you can change it to anything you like.

See KeyTimes.mq4 below, save to MT4\experts\indicators folder then recompile (or restart MT4) to recompile.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #882 ---
Sony well done, good experimenting!

SMA200 (simple) is regarded by many as the #1 most reliable trend indicator in all timeframes.

Are you using Simple or Smoothed moving average ?

--- 帖子 #883 ---
Hi, I coded all day some new feature and now i'm releasing version 0.0.2 of my ea based on vForce (not VFE).

I'm thinking to do more and more implementations, but for today i'm quit happy. I had back tested the ea from 1.1.2008 to 1.1.2009 (one year) and the ea show a good gain with limited risks (for the test i set 2.0 RiskPercent...)

In the attachment the result of the backtest.

You can download and test it for free at my website: http://www.massimogreco.it/public/RichBoy1972vForce.zip

Good weekend everyone.

--- 帖子 #884 ---
Richboy,,,Thanks for all your effort!!,,,I also had that profitable trade overnight from the ea,,,,,,,It will be interesting to see how it trades going forward!!!,,,Have a great weekend,,,And RD,,,Thanks for the info on the timezones,,,etc.

--- 帖子 #885 ---
Hi RD, Thanks for rounding up that market timetable info. I have noticed that the EURGBP moves a lot on that sort of info & trade it using a 'sessions' indicator, which is just big lightly coloured rectangles as background.

Takes a bit to keep up with daylight saving shifts, but reversals are quite strong.

Richboy - nice EA work, will be watching its progress.

Good pips everybody

cheers

--- 帖子 #886 ---
What were your settings for this backtest richboy? I'm not getting anywhere near the same results on a backtest I'm doing.....

--- 帖子 #887 ---
I had used the version 0.0.2 of RichBoy EA.

Setting as default (no trailing stop because it doesn't work fine...).

Currency EUR/USD

Data History downloaded from Alpari.

Data interval for testing: year 2008

Use Time Control = true (trading between 8.00 to 23.00).

Signal vForce alerts.... not vfe.

I'm interested in your result... I've to improve the EA for the live trading...

Have a nice weekend,

Richboy.

--- 帖子 #888 ---
New Ideas Department

I have been experimenting with ATR (average true range) calculated over the previous 14 daily candles. You can see the values by adding the ATR indicator to a daily chart.

ATR(14) gives a value of 0.0182 (182 pips) on 8-April. 9-April high/low were predicted by using the the 8-April high/low and the ATR value.

This means that from the very start of a new day I already have a good idea of what to look for in the new day's range.

I have never seen ATR used in this way but it makes sense and given my chart below this may trigger some more creative thoughts for traders here...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #889 ---
Attached are the results of the backtest I performed on ODL platform using all the variables you specified below.....

I will go try it now with my Alpari Russia feed which I believe is the most accurate for MT4.

--- 帖子 #890 ---
Just tried with Alpari RU and I now get a positive result, but nowhere near as many trades as you. I also checked the visual charts and it seems to be missing a lot of my signals, and doing very wierd things with the ones it is taking. Anyway, will keep playing around. Has anyone been able to reproduce richboys backtesting results??

--- 帖子 #891 ---
Hi e-piphany and thanks for your feedback.

I repeat my backtesting and you can see the settings and the results in the image attached (a bit different because I'm working on the ea ...)

I also put on my website the result as a file excel so that you could see when and how the ea work on my pc.. ( http://www.massimogreco.it/public/result.zip )

However I had much work to do before trying real.... so I hope I can help you in the near future... :-)

Thanks a lot,

I look forward for further feedback.

Bye.

PS Maybe the difference depends on the trading hours? I'm in Italy (gmt+1)....

PS2 I'm not using the vForceAlert.ex4 that we can find on the first page of this thread but the last posted... ( http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...&postcount=776 )

--- 帖子 #892 ---
Hi Richboy,,,Nice graph!!,,,,,I am not very astute when it comes to programming and wish I could give you more feedback,,,But your ea looks like it has the proper MM rules for a reasonable appreaciation of capital,,without massive drawdowns,,, then we should be in decent shape,,Trading forward will be the real test!!,thanks again,,,

--- 帖子 #893 ---
Hi Rob,

I using Simple MA to Close. maybe can you combine this indicator into new version of vforce?

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #894 ---
Biggz very interested in your findings.....any chance you could post a chart with entry and exit I am a bit confused about entries....

Also there has been some discussions of this have you experimented with lower time frames ie M5?

Congratulations on your results!

--- 帖子 #895 ---
Hi Richboy. I think maybe you haven't put the latest version on your website? I redownloaded and my version doesn't have the LimitTrailingToBreakeven variable..... Could you post the source code somewhere aswell? Or maybe PM it to me if you don't want it to be public.

--- 帖子 #896 ---
hi,RichBoy1972

thank you for your EA of VFA!

I have a question. why you set StartTradingHour 8 and EndTradingHour 23? Can I use the EA trading all day?

best regards

--- 帖子 #897 ---
Sure, the EA uses vForceAlerts that is suitable for all day trading. I just put the option to limit the trading hours for personal preferences...

Now I'm working on exit rule optimization so I think tomorrow i'll be ready for a new version of the ea.

Thanks.

PS e-piphany the setting you saw is of the work in progress edition that I think to complete today. The version you downloaded is the correct one... I hope that tomorrow, with the last version, you'll be able to back testing with the same results as mine...

--- 帖子 #898 ---
thankes for sharing this system

hmm sorry where i can downlaod EA vforce?

..sorry my bad english...

--- 帖子 #899 ---
RobDee ,

I have downloaded the simulator to my desktop, unzipped both files and moved the terminal into MT4-backtest per the .pdf. I am having trouble getting it to run.

I have no chart and no connection. Do I have to move any other files?

This looks like a great practice tool if I can get it to run.

Anyone have a solution?

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #900 ---
hello traders,

i have made a backtest on the Vforce1 ronald raygun and i get these results i dunno if there is other EA wich is newer, if someone know plz reply me

GG

thank u

--- 帖子 #901 ---
I'm writing one, some post back you could find the link and the first results....

--- 帖子 #902 ---
thank u richboy i appreciate that, i will see the result and try it

GG

thanks

--- 帖子 #903 ---
BigE, that is right there is no connection, and there is no chart until you click the [Start] button as shown in the PDF file.

Here is what the contents of MT4-BackTest folder should look like after downloading and unzipping everything...

Attached Image

Original vForceSim is post 726
http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...&postcount=726

More price data for vForceSim is post 801
http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...&postcount=801

--- 帖子 #904 ---
hello robdee

when was reading the thread, i realised that the thread start with VforceAlerts(VFA) to end with Vforcedge(VFE), but i understood the VFA and the VFE it is not clear to me so if u can explain to me or tell me where i can find some explanation about how it work please.

GG

thanks

--- 帖子 #905 ---
Hi all.

I put online the new version of the EA with a better logical. Here the results backtesting from 1.1.2008 to 31.12.2008 keeping all setting as defaults.

( http://www.massimogreco.it/public/RichBoy1972vForce.zip )

Waiting for feedback.

--- 帖子 #906 ---
Hi FXpeople. I have read all vForce. Thanks FJ and Robdee, this is great work. I have contribution own pence for experimental thread.
[FONT='Arial CYR','sans-serif']I try to use one indicator in play on this strategies (I don’t know author this indicator, excuse me). Someone spoke about multicurrency moves[/font][FONT='Arial CYR','sans-serif']in this thread at one time. After compression or correction and when price approach some level then index EUR shows ‘+/-‘ that is a direction of the moves. If index EUR becomes more value 18-20 and GBP has same sign, but CHF has opposite sign so that motion will becomes. This sign can show enough exact prediction for price action. [/font]
[FONT='Arial CYR','sans-serif']The unnecessary  currency symbols will to take out of the code. If your broker has a suffix in currency symbol  for example ‘_FX’, so then it is necessary to add to currency this suffix in code, for example ‘EUR_FX’. [/font]
[FONT='Arial CYR','sans-serif']If this indicator will pass testing, possible include it in the basic indicator. What say Robdee?[/font]
Sorry my English.

--- 帖子 #907 ---
RobDee,

Thanks for the picture.

I put the terminal "folder" in the MT4-BackTest folder and when I clicked start, nothing happened. After seeing your picture, I copied the terminal.exe file into MT4-Back Test and it works.

Thanks! This is great stuff.

--- 帖子 #908 ---
Hi robdee

I really appreciated to your efforts on the programming of VFE and of cause VFA. Thank you very very much.

I downloaded all of your files and try to make them work on my PC. However, when I try to use it, something happened. I installed the VFA, VFE and VFE signalonly templates on my IBFX but their signals looked like the same despite of the green candle confirmations. So my question is that without the green confirmation, if the signals I mean the blue and red ones are exactly same in VFA and VFE. I am confused because you might say your VFE is developed based on VFA.

Moreover, there is another question on the chart. I know you have reply thousands times on this. I really did as you suggested. But my display is still not quite right. I am not sure the reason. I downloaded the demo mt4 from IBXF with their demo user name. Bu the chart was not same as yours. And the purple MA6 got very narrow bandwidth either.  I thought the reason is the digits of prices. My version is EURUSD 1.30361.

Could you help me to solve the two questions?
Many thanks

--- 帖子 #909 ---
Hi richboy
Nice work. Thank you very much too.

I am just wondering if you could make a little modification on the trading period as suggested by robdee. He proposed a trading periods as 6:00-8:45, 14:00-14:45 and 19:00 to 23:45 in GMT. In that way, your EA’s profitability should be increased dramatically.
Cheers
ys

--- 帖子 #910 ---
Lebvirus welcome to the Force, your question has been asked many times

This post has some links back to previous answers...
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...66#post2659866

The main thing to remember is VFA is the original approved by ForexJedi.

VFE is experimental only, ForexJedi has not approved it though he welcomes experimentation in this thread.

--- 帖子 #911 ---
VFA and VFE signals will sometimes be the same but mostly they will be different. VFE has less strict thresholds for finding a signal but then uses filters to increase signal quality. VFA is much simpler, when the indicators all line up according to FJ's orignal spec then it will print a signal candle, no filters are used on purpose.

For more insights on VFE versus VFA see this post
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...66#post2659866

OK sounds like IBFX has converted their demo servers to 5-decimal prices. I am still on the old 4-decimal prices. I really don't want to go 5-decimal so I haven't decided what to do about my IBFX data feed.

All 5-decimal pricing platforms will need to make the MA6 Tunnel wider using the MA6 properties. Change the levels from (30 -30) to (300 -300).

--- 帖子 #912 ---
Ivac welcome to the Force, you did well to read the whole vForce thread.

New ideas are welcome here, looks like that Group.mq4 indicator is producing some kind of euro index ? How can it help vForce traders make decisions ?

I will only change the original vForceAlerts.ex4 if ForexJedi asks me to.

vForceEdge.ex4 is finished so I will not be changing that one either.

If we can understand what you are suggesting then I think Group.mq4 indicator could become an optional extra indicator to include on the charts.

--- 帖子 #913 ---
I do not believe this is something that you can backtest with an EA... it just won't give accurate results

With that said I am forward testing this and I'll keep you guys updated. I am trading on three currency pairs: G/U E/U and G/J and I'm using IBFX's data

http://img10.imageshack.us/img10/5623/datah.th.png

--- 帖子 #914 ---
Hi and thanks for running this. I tried to run a backtest and everytime I do that, I just get a series of no results. Any thoughts as to why thats happening? My timezone by the way is GMT...I am in the UK

Thanks

--- 帖子 #915 ---
richboy

want to forward test your version now

do we need any additional indicators, or is everything incorporated into the EA?

PipBear

--- 帖子 #916 ---
do you see some error in the logs when you start the test?

What brokers are you using? (I'm on alpari...)

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #917 ---
The ea makes use of vForceAlerts only for now.

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #918 ---
On IBFX you get errors like

Invalid lots amount for OrderSend function

OrderSend error 4051

ERRORE: 4051

--- 帖子 #919 ---
I'm going to test your suggestion as soon as possible.

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #920 ---
hi Rob thank you very much for your prompt reply.

However, in my MT4, the VFA and VFE got the exactly same red and blue signals. Could you post me the address to download the VFE indicator and template again for me to redownload although I downloaded them many times. I wonder if you will think the reason is I am using the new IBFX data feed, resulted to the same signals on VFA and VFE.

Another thing is how to get the four digit data feed as yours?

Many thanks

ys

--- 帖子 #921 ---
Hi Robdee. [FONT='Arial CYR','sans-serif']I probably have missunderstandly explained about indicator Group. If you have entry  example BUY and index EUR shows ‘+’ and value of index number more 18 and else index GBP shows ‘+’ too but index CHF shows ‘-‘ then this entry will be correct and on the contrary.[/font]
[FONT='Arial CYR','sans-serif']This indicator reflects situation it is enough exactly.[/font]

ivac

--- 帖子 #922 ---
Hey guys, we need to be careful here. Richboy, if your EA uses VFA, then  you need to be aware that Robdee's strategy testing results using time restrictions (06:00 - 08:45, 14:00 - 14:45 and 19:00 - 23:45) were using VFE so would have quite a different signal base.

Anyway, my question was that if we are now using the 5 decimal demo IBFX datafeed, does your EA need any modifications to either the code or the input values or does it already take it into account?

Thanks,

fb

--- 帖子 #923 ---
Hi Richboy. Attached are my Alpari results from the latest version with default settings.still very different, but at least now more trades are opening. Have you tried any different brokers?

--- 帖子 #924 ---
All,

Be aware that Rob has told that Vforce and VFE will show different signal candle from different brokers. and his recommended is using IBFX MT4, so if you using on other broker, you may get into losing positions at the end of result.

--- 帖子 #925 ---
I use alpari with 5 decimals for my backtests.

The code requires the inputs data expressed in Pips and then it get the Digits value from the terminal....

Here a look at the code:

if(Digits>4)

moltiplicatore = MathPow(10.0,(Digits-4)); //So it will works even with 5 and 6 digits brokers

internalDeltaBuy     = DeltaBuyPips * moltiplicatore * Point;

internalDeltaSell    = DeltaSellPips * moltiplicatore * Point;

internalBreakEvenStop= BreakEvenStopPips * moltiplicatore * Point;

internalTrailingStop = TrailingStopPips * moltiplicatore * Point;

internalStopLevel    = MarketInfo ( Symbol() , MODE_STOPLEVEL) * moltiplicatore * Point;

--- 帖子 #926 ---
Hi. I am with Alpari, FXDD & Interbank but I have for now tried this on Interbank where its coming up with Unmatched data error. Not sure what that means.

i want to get to a position where i mirror your results in your post I think yesterday and then take it from there by looking at it further

One step at a time for me!

Be great to get your thoughts on where I am messing up

Vimal

--- 帖子 #927 ---
This evening at home I'll open a demo account on IBFX and I'll try the ea to see if I get the some error, so I'll be able to correct the behavior.

Thanks for the feedback.

In the MT4 help I found this: 4051 - Invalid function parameter value.   Maybe the lot size...

What is your account Currency ???

--- 帖子 #928 ---
USD

--- 帖子 #929 ---
Hi,,, I am using IBFX demo ea on 2 seperate computers one with the 4 digit and one with the new 5 digit platform,,,So far,,, no errors and trades are working normally,,,,,,,Thanks again Richboy......Nice work!!

--- 帖子 #930 ---
Hi all,

don't enable mail with RichBoy EA version 0.0.3 or previous because I notice today an error and I receive by my PC more the 500 messages!

I have yet fixed the bug for the next version (0.0.4) that will be released in the next days.

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #931 ---
I thought so. When I was using the ea in the real time in a demo account, the message and alarm jumped out always if there would be a signal.

--- 帖子 #932 ---
Hello,

as promise I had spent some time to test the ea with IBFX rather than Alpari.

Even on IBFX the ea seems to work fine, but the result was worst than the other brokers.... I don't know why.

In the image attached you can see the results.

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #933 ---
Hi Richboy. Still unsure why I'm getting different results on my backtest. I have 90% accuracy....

Also, I have noticed it won't allow us to backtest on other pairs, but we can forward test. Why is that?

--- 帖子 #934 ---
My test:

I download from alpari the EURUSD 1M history ( http://www.alpari-idc.com/en/dc/databank.html ).

Then extract the zip, rename the file as EURUSD1.hst and put it into the history folder.

Then I set to 2147483647 the option you see in the attachment.

Then I use the PeriodConverter script to transform the 1M history to 15M.

Then I close and reopen MT4 (build223).

Then I make my backtest.

Hope this help....

--- 帖子 #935 ---
New version available. Always same url.

Bye.

--- 帖子 #936 ---
I thought you were using the new IBFX with 5digits price rather then their old version 4 digits. So the signal might be different compared with them

--- 帖子 #937 ---
Hi richboy

how often do you expect the EA to trade. I have had it running for the second day, with no trades.

Although, I downloaded your latest version only 10min. ago, I cannot tell if it is the 0.0.3 version or the 0.0.4 version.

Any adjustments to the settings, or can I leave it with standard settings to begin with?

Thanks

PipBear

--- 帖子 #938 ---
I think I've figured out that it needs to be run on a 5 decimal broker such as alpari. If it is on a standard 3 digit one, trades will be less frequent. (I think)

--- 帖子 #939 ---
The ea use vforce signal to set a buy or sell stop. If you see the signal you should see the ea performing an order. The order, then, has an expiration time of 1 hour.

If you look at the ea properties you should read version 0.0.4.

Today I attached the ea and at 11.00 it opened a position (now here is 12.24). He is losing but trading ....

--- 帖子 #940 ---
3rd day of testing Richboy ea,

6 trades opened

-120pips

No single positive trade yet, All trades where in(-)

some times the EA seem to take the opposite direction from of the vforce signal.

Rich boy whats up?

--- 帖子 #941 ---
On my PC the EA trades according to the vForceSignal. But this is not enough to win. I have to introduce a system to exit early if the ea isn't profitable.

I hope we all win soon, but for now don't use it on real account.

It sounds strange to me that you said that the ea takes the opposite direction... this doesn't happen on my trading...

Thanks for testing.

--- 帖子 #942 ---
OK, I have now watched many a vforce signals, but the EA did not follow up with a buy or a sell. Any ideas? As said by e-piphany, do we have to use a 5 digit broker or can a 4 digit broker be used also? Please let me know where to go from here, or what to look for.

Thanks

PipBear

--- 帖子 #943 ---
I'm using the ea on alpari demo, 5 digits. And the ea opens positions according to the vForceSignal, so it sound strange than on other platform opens in opposite direction. Piptalk said that is testing it on two different PC, one with 4 digits and one with 5 digits without issue so far.

Today I run the ea and a position was open.... see attachment. Pips lost. What missing is a good exit strategy....

--- 帖子 #944 ---
The trick to making a successful trading system is for it to be able to recognize rangeing and choppy markets,There in lies the challange!!,,,,Any system will work well in a trending market,,,,Maybe more conservative MM rules woulld help the case,,,Originally RD had a 20pip TP,,,,on the first 80% of the position,,,Then let the balance run with the trend with a 50 pip trailing stop,,,,,Just a thought..............The other option is to let the ea pick the open of the trade,,,,,Then manually manage them according to risk profile of the trader,,,,,,,Maybe an EA for the V Force Edge?  Only taking the retracement trades,,,,

--- 帖子 #945 ---
Yeah, I would like to see how it runs with the original forex jedi rules. Also, I've noticed in my testing that the expiration is not working properly in forward testing....

--- 帖子 #946 ---
The expiration is set 1 hour later (4 candles). Isn't right?

--- 帖子 #947 ---
Yes,,,The buy/sell stop expires after the 4th 15 min candle,,,

--- 帖子 #948 ---
This night I'll introduce the rule TP 80% after 20pips so my ea follows strinctly the vForce rules.....

Online version 0.0.5 (again only for demo account ..)

Now the default behavior is TP after 20pips closing 80% of the order (this parameters are customizable.....)

My backtest are not good as the previous version, but so the ea follow the vforcealerts rules.....

--- 帖子 #949 ---
Some more options with SL would be cool too if you have time... I hate having massive stop losses and small TP's. I'm a big risk to reward man.

Sorry, order expiration is working. That was my error.

--- 帖子 #950 ---
Any way to get a visual and audio alert when a retrace signal appears? On the VFE.

--- 帖子 #951 ---
I know VFA was designed for the eur/usd,,,But I have been playing around with the eur/jpy with decent results,,,,A little more PA with the eur/jpy!,,,I tried to backtest but it wont calculate,,,Richboy,,, maybe you can get it to back test.......Thanks!!

--- 帖子 #952 ---
Yes, entry on Retrace is an excellent way to boost Reward Risk Ratio if this can be done.

For instance, I've been monitoring if we can put 2:1 Ratio MM

(TP: 30 pips/ SL: -15) on Retrace entry.

--- 帖子 #953 ---
I've been doing the same, but I have trouble constantly watching. an audio and visual would help.

--- 帖子 #954 ---
Hi all,

this night I coded the option to follow the rule 80%TP after 20 pips.

But now I'm doing some consideration.

When we open a position and we set a SL at N stop pips, we are saying that we can lose N pips for a reward of M pips. For a MM correct, on the long term, I think we have to set M > N, so that even if we lose a number of trade greater than the number we win, we still have a profit/loss balance positive. (I'm impressed by my baaaaaad english.... sorry).

So I'm asking to forexjedy if I can open a new thread were I develop the EA with my own strategy using the vForceAlerts signal that I think is great.

Thanks.

PS For now my only strategy is that the TP Pips MUST be greater than the SL Pips. I accept every suggestion for any implementation related to the exit strategy.... I'm thinking about introducing a patter recognition engine for a better exit.... but we could consider even the use of other indicators..

--- 帖子 #955 ---
Hi Richboy, thanks for using ur talents for the benefit of the greater..

As pointed out by several previously, the idea is to implement alerts on Robdee's VFE when retrace price (orange color) appears. Of course we'll need to test it, but so far, it has given us 2:1 Reward to Risk Ratio. Which is what u are aiming to, I suppose.

The trick maybe, the orange color (retrace price) doesnt appear real time? I maybe mistaken. Anyone have thoughts on creating alert on VFE Retrace Price?

--- 帖子 #956 ---
[quote=paracletos;2686408]Hi Richboy, thanks for using ur talents for the benefit of the greater..

As pointed out by several previously, the idea is to implement alerts on Robdee's VFE when retrace price (orange color) appears. Of course we'll need to test it, but so far, it has given us 2:1 Reward to Risk Ratio.

Richboy, from previous trades, I've identified SL : -15 with TP: 30 on VFE Retrace Price.

--- 帖子 #957 ---
Hi Richboy,

can u send me a copy of your EA?

thanks

ciao ciao

--- 帖子 #958 ---
Hello Richboy and everybody!

Could you please explain the EA parameters?

Thank you very much...

--- 帖子 #959 ---
RichBoy v0.0.5 EA Parameters

ProfitLossRatio = The SL is determined by the vForceAlert rule, so it is automatic. If this is 60pips, for example, the TP will be 60Pips * ProfitLossRatio

RiskPercent            = If the SL is 60pips and I set Risk=2, the lot size will be set in accordance with this

QuoteToCloseAfterNPips = the original rule is that after 20 pips we should close 80% of lot size. Here you can set how much to close. If set to 0 the rule is not used.

FirstTPAfterNPips = default 20 pips for taking the 80% TP. If set to 0 the rule is not used. (I prefer using the first 2 parameters and don't this two, but I introduced this so that you can follow the original rule.

UseTrailingStop = true ... no need to explain..

TrailingStopPips = 50 (original rule default)

ConfirmPips = 10 (original rule default)

CandleToWaitForSignale = 4 (The buy or sell stop order expired if not confirmed in this time 4=1 hour)

BreakEvenStopWhenPossible = false; If set = true, then in accordance with the next 2 setting, a SL=Break Even will be placed as soon as possible

BreakEvenStopPips = 10; The distance from OpenPrice and LOW(for BUY) or HIGH(for SELL) value of the N previous candle must be greater to send a Break Even SL

NOfCandleBeforePlacingBEStop = Number of consecutive candle to use for previous setting

UseTimeControl = enable or not the time control

StartTradingHour and EndTradingHour no need to explain....

Alert section no need to explain...

Sorry for my English... I'm working on it...

--- 帖子 #960 ---
Following yours suggestion I'm going to develop an EA for the vForceEdge following the rules of post #730....

--- 帖子 #961 ---
Hello Richboy

Sorry for my bad English. I would like your EA to deploy EURJPY

How to fight it Possible? I think the system works better in the moment on EURJPY.

Thank you for super EA.

Greeting

Aleks

--- 帖子 #962 ---
Great richboy, however, friendly reminder,

VFE entry, currently have 2 methods:

1st method: take the signal immediately as it comes.

2nd method: after the signal's confirmed, a 'retrace' price may come up. This is when the price comes back to the middle line (6MA). Retrace price is the orange color price. Altough yields fewer signal, but it is more reliable with reward risk ratio of 2:1.

Robdee has informed that he prefers the 1st method with a good result. But he mentions that both entries are valid and urges us to try both entry strategy.

The drawbacks of the first methods:

- wide S/L

- time in trades (in the market) few hours to few days

The advantages:

- More pips

The drawbacks of the first method is diminished using 2nd method.

2nd method drawbacks:

- fewer signals

- limited pips (compare to first method)

The advantages:

- short and quick

So far, entry on Retrace offers TP: 30 and SL: -15 until further proven.

But success rate and reliability of this edge is what's important.

So richboy, when u develop EA for VFE, dont forget the 'retrace price' entry...

Grazie

--- 帖子 #963 ---
Todays the ea is working fine....

This is encouraging.... meanwhile I'm writing the first version of the Edge EA... Not to bad being a programmer for job....  :-)

--- 帖子 #964 ---
Returning to the idea proposed by Robdee and tested by other users.

I got old version of VFE (which was said worked fine on different pairs) with Signals Only Trading template.

An idea is to work on multiple pairs in case when not every pair can react (i mean give 'buy' or 'sel' signal on the template) on strong market movement.

For example, yesterday EURUSD neglected big upward jump around 14.00 GMT but GBPUSD did singnaled the raise.

Another option is to have pairs with one same currency. In this case (see the attached picture), if both pairs have the same buy or sell signal it can be a strong argument to enter the market.

Pardon for my English, as i am not an aborigene :-)

--- 帖子 #965 ---
We had a nice little breakout on the eur/usd and eur/jpy,,,,,vfa caught both,,,maybe well get a little more follow through,,,,,

--- 帖子 #966 ---
Maybe I did something wrong, but but your the latest EA isn't making any trades. I am using default settings like the others, but I've seen it pass up 2 trades. I'm using it on the ***/jpy currency and using FXDD broker. Any suggestions? until then I'm going back to the older version. Thanks in advance for any help.

--- 帖子 #967 ---
So far only one trade was initiated this week on the VFESignalsOnly system. Any one else still following that system?

--- 帖子 #968 ---
I have been using the IBFX platform,,,,Currently running just V Force Alerts and getting the breakout signals,,,,Maybe open a demo at IBFX and you should be good to go,,,,,

--- 帖子 #969 ---
I had limited the trading to EURUSD because I haven't yet tested the ea on other pair....

If you need this I'll remove the limitation.

--- 帖子 #970 ---
Today the EA works well for me. Anyone else win?

Thanks for feedback.

--- 帖子 #971 ---
Hi Richboy...I had a 40+ pip take on the eur/jpy,,,,,And still in the eur/usd +18 pips,,,,But holding for now,,,,Thanks,,,,Your efforts are appreaciated!!!

--- 帖子 #972 ---
Hi Richoy,,,Where is the link to the revised and updated ea?  thx!

--- 帖子 #973 ---
I fixed some stuff and I uploaded the new version 0.0.6

Try it on your demo account.

Default settings respect the vForceAlert rules, but I obtained better result with this parameters:

ProfitLossRatio = 2.5; //This sets the TP based on the SL (i.e. SL = 10, TP=25)

FirstTPAfterNPips = 0; //disable the rule 80% TP after 20 Pips

TrailingStopPips = 90;

BreakEvenStopWhenPossible = true;

The link to download the EA is:
http://www.massimogreco.it/public/RichBoy1972vForce.zip

The other EA for the vForceEdge is in progress. I hope to release the first version tomorrow....

--- 帖子 #974 ---
OK,,,,,, Thanks so much!!!

--- 帖子 #975 ---
Hi Richboy,,,I just had a trade with the eur/jpy,,,,Went plus 20  pips but the TP took out the whole position,,,instead of leaving 20% with the trailing stop,,,Just wanted to give you the update on the mechanics of this trade,,,Let me if I can adjust something on my end,,,,,,,thx!!,,,

--- 帖子 #976 ---
Same here Ashur, was wondering as well. It comes with the filtering I suppose. The breaks are stronger this week, that the gas pedal is left lonely

--- 帖子 #977 ---
Today I'll verify the code. Thanks for the feedback.

PS With eur/jpy is it correct the lotsize calculated? (I don't test yet with the pairs with less digits...)

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #978 ---
Recent price action in relation to VFE signals...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Nihao traders, I see some talk about a SignalsOnly template? I never made a template for that purpose but anyway I have made two signals only templates below for everyone. What I have done is turned off all the confirmation and retrace options in vForceEdge V20090402, these settings are saved in the template below.

Note: for 5-decimal pricing will need to go into the MA6 properties and make the tunnel wider, change from (30 -30) to (300 -300).

--- 帖子 #979 ---
HI Richboy,,,,Yes,,,Lotsize is correct on the eur/jpy!,,,,thx!

--- 帖子 #980 ---
Hi richboy,

The default setup is a little different to what you state in your post here.

What values do you recommend as an initial setup?

Please advise

By the way, v5 did not take one trade on my demo. Hope that v6 will open some trades. Looking forward to some more forward testing.

Thanks

PipBear

--- 帖子 #981 ---
Thanks for posting this Robdee. I just wanted to check. Do you still take every single with particular focus to the times you mentioned before as being the best hours or more successful hours of trading or have you refined your approach in any way?

Regards

Vimal

--- 帖子 #982 ---
Hello Richboy.

I tested your 0.0.6 and it seems wrongly calculate the 10 pips buystop/sellstop in 5 digit broker. Is the ex4 meant for 4 digit broker only? I have tried changing the EA property "confirmpips" from 10 to 100 but it did not work. Can you advise? TQ.

-RJ1-

--- 帖子 #983 ---
I review the code and I found the bug you said.... I correct it this evening (night...), thanks for your great collaboration :-)

--- 帖子 #984 ---
thx for a powerful system

what other pairs can be used with the system beside E/U??

thx

--- 帖子 #985 ---
hi richboy1972

I test the new version 0.0.6 using the default settings. But the result is not good.

best regards

--- 帖子 #986 ---
I am a tad confused here by the usage of an EA for this system. The way I see it, the system itself is very easy to implement and trade off. Go in using vsignals only candle and then set your B/E after I think its 35 TPs with 3 Take Profit portions along the way. Quite simple

Yet the EAs posted on the board just don't seem to cut it so either the manual trading results are not right from what others are experiencing or the EA is not right

I am not having a pop at anyone. Truly not. I wish I had the skills to code in MT4.

I Just feel like so much energy is going into an EA and yes thats ideal as a status for all the reasons we know, but it just doesn't seem to work out....or is it still in its development stage as an EA in which case its fine?

Regards

--- 帖子 #987 ---
v5 opens trade only on EURUSD... now the limit was removed.

As signaled by Piptalk after 20pips the ea close all rather than 80%. I'm fixing the bug. I think to release new fixed version v7 this night...

Thanks for testing.

--- 帖子 #988 ---
Could you post a screenshot? I use 5 digits brokers without problem....

--- 帖子 #989 ---
My EA is still in development. The first tradable version will be numbered v1.0.0, now we are at v.0.0.7.

If could help I can open a new thread to leave this one free of our stuff...

Suggestions welcome.

--- 帖子 #990 ---
Thanks

I will leave the decision on the thread to those that contribute tangibly like yourself to the site

I applaud the efforts you are making and hopefully you manage to find a workable solution

Personally, I prefer manual trading in the main but thats just my style of trading. Horses for courses!

Regards

--- 帖子 #991 ---
Hi Richboy...Nice up wave today!!,,,Let me know what you decide to do on the new thread,,Ill be there,,You have put alot of effort into to ea,,,Certainly is a challange!!,,,,Day like today worked out very well ,,,,Its those choppy weak trending days that kill the pip rush!!,,,Anyways,,, lets keep forward testing and fine tuning,,,Thanks again!!!

--- 帖子 #992 ---
I fixed the following bug:

- after 20 pips close all order rather than 80%

I notice a new bug in Trailing stop that i'll correct tomorrow (now is 2.08 am in Italy..... i'm going to sleep...)

link as same:
http://www.massimogreco.it/public/RichBoy1972vForce.zip

Thanks for testing.

PS Use in demo, the exit strategy MUST be improved soon. Not working well as is now.

--- 帖子 #993 ---
Richboy,

thank you for your contribution to this thread. About the EA, is it still following the original vForce method of setting TP and SL as mentioned in the "vForcedocument.pdf" found in post #1?

Today's pending trade triggered using 0.0.7 unchanged setting from your original:

Currency: E/U

Type: Sell Stop (Pending)

Price: 1.31283 (bar lowest at 1.31383, so price entry is correct)

SL: 1.31783 (30 pips away from bar highest at 1.31481 AND 50 pips away from entry price. Is this correct?)

TP: 1.30033 (125 pips away from bar lowest at 1.31383. Is this correct?)

My EA Setting:

ProfitLossRatio=2.5

RiskPercent=2

QuoteToCloseAfterNPips=80

FirstTPAfterNPips=20

UseTrailingStop=True

TrailingStopPips=50

ConfirmPips=10

BreakEvenStopWhenPossible=false

BreakEvenStopPips=10.0

Can you also post your 0.0.6 or 0.0.7 EA settings (.set file) used with a 5 digit broker?

TQ.

p/s: I went to Italy once, nice country, nice people.

-RJ1-

--- 帖子 #994 ---
Thank you for the info richboy,

FYI since 14/4/09 the EA opened 2 trades only, one at -50 pips, and a second one I closed at -14 pips, it would have gone to SL.

Looking forward to testing v7, hope some of the issues are sorted,

PipBear

--- 帖子 #995 ---
Hi Richboy,,,We had a nice up wave on the eur/usd overnight,,,Depending where you live,,,,,,,The ea grabbed a nice trade,,,The reason I like the ea is I live in Oregon and the London session starts at midnight,,,,I cant handle the graveyard shift,,So its nice if the ea can work while Im asleep!!!,,,,lol,,,,,Anyways,,, thanks again for all your effort on the programing and testing this week,,,Have a great weekend,,,And lets see how next week develops,,,,,,,,,,,,,

--- 帖子 #996 ---
I'm working hard on the ea. I'll release next version sunday before market opens. likely I'll open a new thread so no to write too much here.

In the meantime I had fixed some stuff, but first of all I'm studing a good exit strategy...

Well, thanks for all your support.

Good weekend.

--- 帖子 #997 ---
New version we'll be available this evening ... sorry for the delay...

--- 帖子 #998 ---
Thanks for the update!!!,,,,,Looking forward to giving it a spin,,,

--- 帖子 #999 ---
I'm working hard on the EA testing some exit strategy.... I hope before this night been able to release the new version.

Thanks for your patience...

--- 帖子 #1000 ---
Hi all,

I just released the new version of our beta EA (v.0.0.9)

In the next days I hope to improve again the code and to finish the first release for the edge version.

For now good pipings at all. (Remember to use this ea in demo,.... is still under development...)

--- 帖子 #1001 ---
Back test for April does not look very good.

--- 帖子 #1002 ---
Thanks Richboy!!,,,,Loaded and ready to test!!,,,,

--- 帖子 #1003 ---
The settings you have used follow strictly the rules of vForceAlert. I prefer setting to 0 the FirstTPAfterNPips parameters so the money management is correct. With the defaults your win are little but your loss are big.

What missing now is a good strategy to quit early... but I'm writing the code for that...

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1004 ---
Excellent job Richboy for your EA...and ofcource to the system creators: ForexJedi and Robdee.

I've been looking for an EA for this system to use as a trading mentor on a demo platform, and combine it with candlestick patterns on my live trading.

So far breaking even...but as they say, there is no good wine until its time.

Please keep up your good work, and God bless.

--- 帖子 #1005 ---
The last signal with this EA came around 4:15 GMT, sell-stop at 1.2981.

The signal was removed after an hour when it didn't get trigerred...good signal. As you can see, the market stuck in a trading range shown in the bollinger band.

Next viable trade will be a breakout of this trading range. Let's see how the EA will behave.

_________________________________________

p.s. A new sell-stop signal just popped out @ 1.2958

--- 帖子 #1006 ---
[quote=richboy1972;2698301]Hi all,

I just released the new version of our beta EA (v.0.0.9)

In the next days I hope to improve again the code and to finish the first release for the edge version.

For now good pipings at all. (Remember to use this ea in demo,.... is still under development...)[/quote

good work

--- 帖子 #1007 ---
If you like to trade with the trend then the 200 SMA is a very popular trend indicator. Popular is good because there is more volume in the reactions to this line than other lines.

I use the 67 SMA on the 15min chart which is giving me the 5min chart 200 SMA (15min / 3 = 5min, therefore 200 / 3 = 67). There are good reactions to this line and the +50 -50 levels.

Last night's bounce was right on the 67 SMA -50 level.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1008 ---
hi robdee,

I'm new to vforce and have just gone through this thread. I would like to thank for all your contribution and it was so great!

I've downloaded the vforce edge and tried to apply this on GBP/USD trade, I would like to ask if the cut loss for 15min GBP/USD is larger than EUR/USD? as per attachment, the light blue label suggest to buy at 1.4646 and +72 was shown at the high of the bar so it should be close at 1.4718. However, it's been touched 1.4575 before going up to reach 1.4718 (-71pips which is more than 55pips SL that you suggested). So I would like your kind advice of the logic of the light blue label as well as the orange label. Are their SL been set/calculated rigidly? sorry for my poor english as I;m living in aisa.

--- 帖子 #1009 ---
Flyaway welcome to the Force.

The vForce trading rules you mention do not apply to vForceEdge.

I recommend trading vForce only (not vForceEdge) if you are new to ForexJedi's systems.

With regards to your question about VFE...Light Blue labels are bullish retrace labels. (like on your chart) Orange labels are bearish retrace labels. All the rules for retrace labels are found here...
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...72#post2655272

No one has made any trading rules for the VFE retrace labels. They look good sometimes but no one has figured out how to use them. Or I should say if someone has figured out a systematic way to use the retrace labels they have not posted it here.

Has anyone figured out MM rules to use for trading VFE retrace labels ?

Read the posts in my FAQ below for more information. Enjoy! RD

--- 帖子 #1010 ---
Thanks for your prompt reply robdee,

I save the "vForceEdge.ex4" into Interbank FX Trader 4expertsindicators folder and the "vForceEdge_white.tpl" into Interbank FX Trader 4templates folder, then open the IBFX MT4 and load the vforceEdge template, but after the load the vForceEdge indicator, then orange label were disappeared, so I would like to know if it is necessary to open the vForceEdge indicators as well?

--- 帖子 #1011 ---
Hi all,

I'm thinking to introduce as parameters 3 tp levels into the ea so that every one can choose how much take at each level. For my trading style one single tp is not enough.

Someone interested ?

Thanks.

PS Piptalk are you testing the last version? Some bugs? Thanks again.

--- 帖子 #1012 ---
Hi Richboy,,,,Yes I have been testing your ea and we have caught two nice buy signals,,,,,The 80/20 MM,,,seems to be working good,,,,VFE works great in a trending markets,,,,,I am still a little concerned regarding rangeing congestion,,,,I feel this system is profitable over time,,,Thanks again and keep in touch!! You have done a great job implementing the VFE rules in your EA!!

--- 帖子 #1013 ---
Hello

First of all, thanks Richboy for your effort creating an EA for the community!

Second, i believe this exit strategy can be profitable:

1) after 10 pips of profit, lock 10% (you gain 1 pip, it's like a Breakeven);

2) after this, trail the price with 30 pips;

What do you guys think?

However, EA is not moving the SL to 1pip as it should... Don't know why.

I use the following parameters to do so:

InfoParameters=-----------  VERSION INFO  -----------

VersionNumber=0.0.9

VersionDate=1240790400

MMParameters=-----------  MM PARAMETERS -----------

ProfitLossRatio=2.50000000

RiskPercent=2.00000000

MinAccountEquity=0

VForceParameters=-----------  VFORCE RULES -----------

QuoteToCloseAfterNPips=10

FirstTPAfterNPips=10

UseTrailingStop=1

TrailingStopPips=25

ConfirmPips=10

CandleToWaitForSignal=4

OptionalParameters=----------- OPT PARAMETERS ----------

BreakEvenStopWhenPossible=0

BreakEvenStopPips=10.00000000

NOfCandleBeforePlacingBEStop=4

TimeParameters=----------- TIME PARAMETERS ---------

UseTimeControl=0

StartTradingHour=8

EndTradingHour=23

AlertsSection=-----------     ALERTS     -----------

MailEnabled=0

AlertEnabled=0

SoundEnabled=0

Doesn't this should do as i explained?

--- 帖子 #1014 ---
Richboy, what do you think about this EA?

Im sure someone already posted this, but here it goes:

Use rules by Robdee:

SL at 35 pips above/below MA;

BE at profit +35 pips;

TS of 35 pips;

Create an EA that catches retrace prices only

Greetings

--- 帖子 #1015 ---
Hi richboy,

Thanks again for the effort you have put into this EA, and thanks for sharing.

Would you please advise if the v.9 of your EA is trading as you intended it to do. I have attached a chart to show what has happened since 14 Apr 09.

I have originally started with v.6, I think, and updated each time you posted a new version.

So far 3 trades, all negative. Perhaps I do not have it set up correctly. Any comments would be appreciated.

Thanks

PipBearhttp://www.forexfactory.com/images/icons/icon8.gif

--- 帖子 #1016 ---
Hi Biggzz...got your tpl and EA off the thread but get the signal SetIndexBuffer function must be called from custom indicator only. Can I fix?

--- 帖子 #1017 ---
March performed very well with VFE 'Signals Only' but something changed in April and the performance has been very bad.

The graph below reaches the best equity level on 31-March then loses money all during April.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I have tried many different settings but I have not been able to find any MM setup that makes a profit in April using VFE 'Signals Only'.

Looking at April's test results I cannot recommend VFE Signals Only trading. RD

--- 帖子 #1018 ---
First, I do salute the thousands of hours you must have put into VFE, which has accomplished several things that can help create abundance.

Second, myself am a trader for many years that also works on the idea creating an EA making money.

Third, I am bound by my capabilites in just trade and not write programs.

What I see is that the development into a bad month don't mean the EA can have changed into the perpeual mobile. There are always factors that decisions bound by machine conquers human mind.

We need to add an indicator which creates such change. Even trying to read the past two months of similar situations in chart or technical things can repeat or not in a long time.

Your VForceSim is the greatest idea I have seen in a life time. I think that has great potential for people to learn. I am for it to pursue both directions. LEt me know what I can do.

--- 帖子 #1019 ---
i'm testing it on a live acc; per ora va

--- 帖子 #1020 ---
Hi all,

I worked hard on the EA and now we have a fully customizable expert that starts looking good to me.

In the parameters I added many comments so that the ea behavior should be clear.

Again I suggest to test in a demo account because I consider this as a work in progress.

I'm testing a wide range of settings. When I'll find something interesting I'll post here.

I hope in a lot of feedbacks.

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1021 ---
Sorry for my silly q:

I cant install the file you sent, please can you tell me were I have to insert the file?

I relly dont remember how to install a EA.

Thank you

RR

--- 帖子 #1022 ---
Great work richboy...will certainly give it a try.

Just wondering what parameters do you use for this EA to get the optimum result? I ran your EA (based on the default parameters) in the Strategy tester from 9/1/2008 - 4/30/2009, and the result wasn't that promising. Attached is the setting I used for the backtesting.

--- 帖子 #1023 ---
Hi Richboy!!....Thanks for the new EA!!!............Time for a little test ride!!

--- 帖子 #1024 ---
Is anyone else having problems entering the chat room?  I've been trying all day and can't get in.  I keep getting some kind of message about them being overwhelmed by new users and to try back later.

--- 帖子 #1025 ---
Hi,,,Can we use your ea on any time frame or pair?,,,Thanks again looks good!!,,,I notitce you have a trend indicator added,,,Does it influence the buy/sell entrys??

--- 帖子 #1026 ---
The entry is set by vforcealerts rule.... the trend is a work in progress study for an early exit.

you can test on each pair but is only for 15min tf.

Bye

--- 帖子 #1027 ---
it give me a frequently error

2009.05.05 10:05:05    Cannot open file 'F:CFX MetaTraderexpertsindicatorsMAMA_v1.ex4' on the EURUSD,M15

--- 帖子 #1028 ---
MAMA_v1 is the indicator I'm using to test an early exit.... you can download it here and then put it into your indicators path.

--- 帖子 #1029 ---
Hi Richboy

Thx for your hard work for us. Just a q here, "risk percent" shall I just set it on default 2.0?

And "min account equiti" shall i type inn the equiti in my account?

Oddien

--- 帖子 #1030 ---
The riskpercent parameter set the LotSize depending on the stop loss (that is set by the vforcealert rules).

MinAccountEquity is useful if you want that the EA stops open new orders when your equity is less then this value. So, if you have 1000USD and you want that the EA losses max 150USD, you can set this to 850USD.

--- 帖子 #1031 ---
Thanks for fast answer Richboy

--- 帖子 #1032 ---
Where ? Thanks

--- 帖子 #1033 ---
here

--- 帖子 #1034 ---
The EA seems to work well. Today I opened manually some position and some else was open by it. Good job.

We are going on the right way ;-))

--- 帖子 #1035 ---
Hi Richboy!,,,,Nice work on the ea,,,Now lets just give it a week or two and see if it can produce positive results in various market conditions,,,,There will some drawdowns because VFA has a tendency to buy or sell at  support and resistance zones,,,But I think that you provided some good inputs to minimize losses!!,,,,Thanks again for your efforts!!,,,

--- 帖子 #1036 ---
Wow, Richboy! Great work with the EA, congrats to you

--- 帖子 #1037 ---
richboy1972 , i got this error from the EA.

2009.05.06 08:17:42    vForceAlerts EURUSDFXF,M15: EURUSD not found, need to change the BrokerEuroSymbol=EURUSD setting to match your broker.

--- 帖子 #1038 ---
It seems to be an error going from vForceAlerts indicator. As show you should set BrokerEuroSymbol=EURUSD in the indicator's properties..

--- 帖子 #1039 ---
I'm finding that even with the stop loss set to 20 pips I'm getting consistent 100 point stop outs. They're not over the weekend either. Are you sure the sL in the ea is functioning correctly richboy?

--- 帖子 #1040 ---
The SL is automatic, is the vforcealert rule that get the sl level. The properties you set is only for manually opened orders with sl =0. In this case the ea set the sl with the value you have decided.

--- 帖子 #1041 ---
I input correctly for the indicator. The error message comes from the expert tab. Also, the EA isn't making any trade so far.

--- 帖子 #1042 ---
Reat work richboy1972...this system manually followed makes money...does your EA switch over to the retracemend signals and follows it with the sl and tp rules?

The last two days it made some great trades but it had reversed the signals to make a profit.

--- 帖子 #1043 ---
Maybe you are using the vforceedge as indicator. The EA uses the vforcealerts and follow that rules for confirmation candle (wait 1 hour) and sl setting. Doesn't reverse the signal.

For  now I think that the option to manage also manually started orders is a great idea ( ;-)) ) and works fine.

What I think is missing is a better exit rule,  but this is the receipt to become a "richboy" and is still in progress ;-)

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1044 ---
can i ask you how to set min account equity? i would like open 2 or max 3 pending orders; i don't understand at what valor set it up. Ty

P.S.buy pos on 1.3328 tp at 1.3436 nice profit on live acc (little tp because i'm a bit scared on eurusd  )

--- 帖子 #1045 ---
tx's richboy.....exit:

there is no such rule i believe to enforce exit with the trailing stop nor profit targets. we don't know what mood the market is today. is it a 50 pip or 250 pip day range. a range count for the last 30 of 1minute bars gives a good range for exit or trailing.

if you look at the chart you see price clusters that form in 5 - 6 - 7 -8 price bar moves before retreat from lows or highs...that is our internal range for that time now we can build a price force indicator that shows us how many pips to expect for profit or stops. if those widen we have strong moves and vice versa. accoridng to that mood of the day we can predict price retreats and price advances. it could be 3:1 or 6:1 that day. and in accordance with some trading rules markets like to retest the highs and lows of the pre-markets around the globe. i guess the ea should just work for 3 huors in each market london, new york and tokyo.

if you look at todays first twenty minutes of opening gmt time and than take that first two range bars than the range break down and you may have a first profit target for the day! like flip it up mirror view.

Or you do use fibo s&r levels after a trade has confirmed as get out targets. We can use these levels due after a signal to build a position up. So we go in with the first 1/3 wait for retrace or if first price force level seems to be taken out we get in with the move of the signal direction.

Otherwise Mr. Rich you are close!

--- 帖子 #1046 ---
Can anyone please explain why the signal attached below failed?And are there any additional filters one can apply to avoid such occurences.

--- 帖子 #1047 ---
I mean you "could" add in an RSI or an EMA or something of the likes, which i wouldn't reccomend, but remember that no system is perfect so you've just gotta roll with the punches, and make sure you place your stops correctly so something like that doesn't wipe you out.

On the subject of exits, I pulled up the vForce alert indicator on the EURJPY m15 today which seemed to be a lot more sucessful than the EURUSD today, just open it up and see for yourself. And while examining the positions I saw that psyche levels may proove to be great exit points for this stratergy. By psyche levels I mean prices ending in at say... 131.00, 131.5, 132, 132.5 or 1.3100, 1.2950. For example have a look at this chart below, possible exits shown with a white arrow, Positioned on psyche levels, corresponding to the latest signal (red or blue box label)

--- 帖子 #1048 ---
my demo account running the ea keep getting this error

2009.05.06 21:30:09 RichBoy1972vForce EURUSD,M15: ERRORE: 131 BUY STOP - Price: 1.33370000 TP: 1.34750000 SL: 1.32820000

any idea?

--- 帖子 #1049 ---
The error 131 is "Invalid trade volume." What's your account currency? What's your AccountEquity? How many lots the ea try to buy?

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1050 ---
hi richboy

have you tryed the ea on other pairs? or is it best on the eurusd?

oddien

--- 帖子 #1051 ---
I'm testing the EA on EURUSD, but the code I wrote is indipendent by the pair. We should ask to RobDee e ForexJedi how works the vForceAlert with other pair.

--- 帖子 #1052 ---
I did recently run the EA on 6 pairs, EURUSD, USDJPY, GBPUSD, EURJPY, GBPJPY AND AUDJPY for about 24 hours with default settings. I've attached a capture of the account summary.  This account was opened specifically to test this EA.  No other trades are part of these results.

As I observed the EA in progress I did notice that some of the trades took some considerable heat.  Most recovered just fine but I'm not sure if that was shear luck of not.  Overall it does really well.  As others have stated I think maybe some work on the exit strategy side might be needed.

I was impressed!  Nice job RichBoy.

--- 帖子 #1053 ---
I hava introduced the parameter where you can set your eurusd symbol. soon available ;-))

I Quoted the wrong message ! This post is referred to the problem with eurusdfxf symbol...

--- 帖子 #1054 ---
Richboy,

Question, I don't know how to use your EA on metatrader, Can you walk me step by step on how to use it, It looks interesting.

Thanks for help

--- 帖子 #1055 ---
Richboy,

I am getting error saying Trade not allowed, EA stopped, Whats going on?  Do you know?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1056 ---
I have the same error.

--- 帖子 #1057 ---
The EA executes this part of code when start:

if(!IsTradeAllowed() || !IsConnected())....

so I think it could be an error of the platform...

But this code is not necessary, so I can remove this part if it doesn't work well.

As soon as possible I post the fixed version.

Thanks for your feedback.

--- 帖子 #1058 ---
HI all.

I remove the code that cause the error "Trade not allowed...".

Then I correct a small bug: after TP1, the quote of order to close with TP2 and TP3 isn't correct: was calculated on the lots left and not on the initial lots. Now is OK.

Thanks all for your feedbacks.

--- 帖子 #1059 ---
Thx for sharing this EA.

May i ask u to add the required indicators to the zip.file?

--- 帖子 #1060 ---
Indicators are:

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=155871

and the other (MAMA_V1)one on page 69 of this thread.

Today is working well, i'm trying different tpl to minimize loss when signal trigger.

It seems work well on gbpusd cross too.

--- 帖子 #1061 ---
No trades triggered today ? Or Is my ea not functioning properly?

--- 帖子 #1062 ---
Today the EA works well so I think there is a problem on your platform....

--- 帖子 #1063 ---
Richboy, thanks for this EA ; it works great, I was just wondering if it trades according to your account size ? I wanted to try it out on a real account . Thanks

--- 帖子 #1064 ---
The trades size is determined by the RiskPercent parameter.

Good pips!

--- 帖子 #1065 ---
Fantastic stuff here chaps

--- 帖子 #1066 ---
Hi Richboy, what should the Risk Percent be on a $1000 account in your opinion?  Thanks

--- 帖子 #1067 ---
I have been trying to forward demo your EA (default settings) and I have been observing everybody's positive reports, but my results are the opposite. The account balance has been going down for quite a while, and for this last week I have had results as follows:-

+ Pips = 266 (+20 +1 +61 +60 +61 +63) 6 positive

- Pips = 433 (-61 -34 -40 -55 -34 -53 -50 -53 -53) 9 negative

Please see attached

It is disheartening to see everyone with good results and the accolades flowing, but I cannot get those results.

Would you please tell me if I am doing something obvious that is wrong ???
http://www.forexfactory.com/images/icons/icon8.gif

Thanks

PipBear

--- 帖子 #1068 ---
For me, max 2.5. But is only my opinion...

Best luck.

--- 帖子 #1069 ---
have u changed something on tpl?

P.S. vforce system is for m15 eurusd; i saw u're using more than eurusd cross ..... at own risk

--- 帖子 #1070 ---
Thanks for your comment nexo78

No I have not changed any settings, all default.

I ran EURUSD M15 for many days with no trade, and I have read somewhere on this thread that someone was running other pairs also, so I have tried this myself to see if I can get the system to trade. The results you already know. I think I am getting ready to give up!!!

Are you running strictly EURUSD M15?

Regards

PipBear

--- 帖子 #1071 ---
Yes only eurusd.

testing on gbpusd, but only in demo.

Problem gone

P.S. 2 live proft operations today

--- 帖子 #1072 ---
Funnyoo has been developing a EA for this system over here:

http://www.tradingsystemforex.com/ex...like-ea-2.html

which one is better yours richboy or funnyoo's?

--- 帖子 #1073 ---
2 profit operation today, one in eurusd and another in gbpusd.. live account as usual;

Rich, i tried to setup 2 on MaxOrderForPair, but it only open 1 order at time for pair; there are something wrong?

P.S. andraz : don't know, i'm testing live and demo Richboy because it has great potential; it's working well until now; i saw funnyoo's code, it seems with martingala, but i've to test it, need more time

--- 帖子 #1074 ---
ok thanks nexo

--- 帖子 #1075 ---
hello,

is it possible to just use the tp level 1 with 20 pips and then the a trailstop of 50, like in the original rules?

--- 帖子 #1076 ---
I compared the two EA on year 2008.

Of course I prefer mine ;-) but in Italy we say "Ogni quaglione è bello a mamma sua".

Attached the results with default settings.

Thanks.

PS For PipBear: I'm studing your result.... thanks for your patience.

--- 帖子 #1077 ---
Yes, you have to set TP2 e TP3 pips to 0.

Thanks for testing.

--- 帖子 #1078 ---
maybe it is a possibility, like on the semi-automatic ea, to determine the trend first and then put the ea on "only long" or "only short"? maybe will cut out some of the losing trades?

--- 帖子 #1079 ---
Thanks for that Richboy.

One more question, Are the default settings fine for a 5 digit Broker or do I need to change anything?

Thanks for your hard work

--- 帖子 #1080 ---
The digit is self managed.

Default settings are same for 4 o more digit broker.

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1081 ---
thanks again richboy

--- 帖子 #1082 ---
hello,

I looked at the vforce chart and noticed that almost everytime IF the signallevel is broken, the price moves up a little bit, and then goes on or comes down again, so I thought about trying to set tp to 5 pips only and stop loss to 15 pips.

I put "usetrailingstop" to false, and "forcestoplosspips" to 15, but then sometimes it happens in the backtest, that I get random stoplosses between 50 and 100 pips, maybe I made some wrong input into the ea?

--- 帖子 #1083 ---
The ForceStopLossPips parameters isn't used when an order is opened by the EA. For this orders is the vForce rule that set the SL.

The parameter set only the SL for manually opened orders without SL.

Maybe I could let the user choose the SL. I'll think .... mmmmm :-)

--- 帖子 #1084 ---
oh okay,

but when I try the period between january and may 2009 with default settings, my original equity of 10000 goes down to 6000, I don't know why

--- 帖子 #1085 ---
I'm going to improve again the EA. For now I think is a good one, but sometimes the exit strategy is not too good.

--- 帖子 #1086 ---
Thanks richboy1972

I am still struggling with getting some positive results. Every so often a trade is taken and it will generally close with a small loss???

I wish I knew what was going on?

Regards

PipBear

--- 帖子 #1087 ---
with 10 pips on TP, 3 win - 0 loss

live acc

For italian users 8 a.m  20:00 p.m best hours for trade without requotes

--- 帖子 #1088 ---
Thanks for your feedback.

PS di dove sei?

--- 帖子 #1089 ---
treviso

--- 帖子 #1090 ---
Brescia, siamo anche vicini.

Un giorno allora potremmo incontrarci a festeggiare sul lago di garda le vincite di richboy ;-))))

--- 帖子 #1091 ---
sorry for not speaking english ...

claro que si.. se si riesce a sviluppare un sistema profittevole ti spetta anche la percentuale

--- 帖子 #1092 ---
green candle.. mhhh

--- 帖子 #1093 ---
hi Richboy

first of all thanks for your work, this stuff looks good!

while testing the EA I noticed the comments were a bit confusing to me.

I'm demoing about 15 EAs at a time and obviously the comments help a lot to quickly see what's going on.

On the attached spreadsheet I listed the trades your EA made. Would it be possible to put the "Richboyvforce" in all comments?

thanks

regards

Sam

--- 帖子 #1094 ---
hsa013,

I think you might have forgotten the attached spreadsheet, my friend.

I agree with hsa013. Adding the name of the EA in the comments section of the code is a really nice feature when you're testing multiple EA's like we both do frequently and when you look at the trade history and reports you can easily tell which EA's made which trades, etc. I just wish every coder would do this

Very nice work, Richboy!

--- 帖子 #1095 ---
Huh! you're right Wolf!

I was hoping that it can magically attach itself... have to get some more sleep...

Here you go

--- 帖子 #1096 ---
Rich, can u insert a mnual set for multi orders and lot dimension?

with risk percent 2.5 i've 0.10 lots, with 2.7 0.40 .. i would like to set up about 2 order for pos.

thank you

italian hour: 9:12 gbpusd sell stop pos at 1.5257 .. 10 pips profit.

--- 帖子 #1097 ---
With RiskPercent = 2.5 you can have 0.10 lots the first trade and 0.40 the second. This is because the lot size is determined by risk percent and by SL pips, but this one are self determined by the vforce rules.

Otherwise i think i can introduce the SL pips as an optional parameters to override the vforce rule.

If SL is fixed (i.e. 60pips) then the riskpercent value fix the lot size.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1098 ---
why it always open 0:10 lots if it should follow the vforce's rules?

1 single pos with 0.10 .. the only option i've changed on tpl is tp1 at 10 pips(cioè tutte le operazioni che apre nella giornata son da 0.10 ignora a quanto apre il risk percent non so se in demo si comporti differentemente)

(i'm always speaking about live behavior)

--- 帖子 #1099 ---
I sent you a private message to explain how this ea works...

--- 帖子 #1100 ---
Hi Richboy.

Thanks for your work!

Can you resent a private message, how this ea works, me too please? thanx

I post my three days detailed statement FxPro demo account with default settings (EUR/USD, GBP/USD)

--- 帖子 #1101 ---
Which is better?or better still which gives the better result.

--- 帖子 #1102 ---
Are you asking that at me? If yes, the answers are respectively NO and YES.

--- 帖子 #1103 ---
I request the same thing please!  Please pm me so I can understand how this works and setting here so the trade size can be as desired.

thanks!

Brian

--- 帖子 #1104 ---
Richboy, one question: when I put your EA on the live account , I keep getting a little window popping up with a little bell saying V-Force sell candle -then the time and I have to hit OK . Will this EA trade on its own or do I have to be there to hit OK. Is there anything I can do to stop this from popping up. Thanks a lot.

--- 帖子 #1105 ---
Hi all,

I'll try to explain how my EA set the lot size to trade.

When the vForceAlert trigger a buy or sell signal, the ea send a stop order. The SL is set 10 pips away from candle low/high.

So now the EA knows the SL pips. For example we can say 100pips.

Well. Again for example we can say we have 1000 USD as account free margin. If we had set the parameter RiskPercent= 2.0, we are saying that we don't want to lose much than 20 USD in a single trade.

Therefore each single pip must worth 0.2 USD, so...

1 lot --> 1pip = 10USD --> 0.02 lots --> 1pip = 0.2 USD

The EA will open a new order of 0.02 lots.

I hope you all could understand even with my poor english.

--- 帖子 #1106 ---
The alert is triggered by the vforce indicator. You can disable it setting AlertPopups = false.

The EA can show alert, but the default setting doesn't.

--- 帖子 #1107 ---
I hate to be the one to say this but, in the vForce thread, people should at least read the basic vForce rules -- a basic matter of respect. The SL rule is very simple and obviously the lot size must be determined trade by trade.

I, for one, think Richboy's EA is well designed and it has a good range of custumizable parameters, so it can be flexible while still following the vForce rules. Thank you for sharing it, I'm testing it too.

I wasn't using the Time Parameters, but now I'd like it NOT to trade from 13 (1pm) to 20 (8pm). I suppose the StartTradingHour must be a number smaller than the EndTradingHour, that must be why setting it from 20 to 13 doesn't work.

My question is: Is there a way to set it to trade from 8 pm to 1 pm, for example? (Don't know if I expressed this clearly, probably not.)

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1108 ---
You're right, now StartTradingHour must be a number smaller than the EndTradingHour but, of course , I can manage the opposite condition.

Soon I'll release a new version and I'll modify the trading hour code so that you too can set this one.

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1109 ---
Some good stuff coming out of this thread.

--- 帖子 #1110 ---
little disaster today on gbpusd

--- 帖子 #1111 ---
I hope you are using riskPercent=2.0 max ....

--- 帖子 #1112 ---
2.5

Just done a profit pos with 0.60+0.40 lots on gbpusd .. gained again

(loss operation only when the lines of mama indicators are close  7:30-11:30 it hours)

Last 2 operation was my enter but managed by richboy  because it was disabled after the losses

--- 帖子 #1113 ---
Hi richboy, do you mind directing me to the post with the EA (latest or otherwise) that people are currently trying on this thread, I assume that it is the one with the most profit so far.

Cheers and many thanks

Ezzy

--- 帖子 #1114 ---
May 8, 2009 9:33am  ....

--- 帖子 #1115 ---
on the supp

--- 帖子 #1116 ---
I'm studying hard to integrate the vForceAlert with something to avoid fake signal. Now I'm testing a new indicator that seems work fine.

--- 帖子 #1117 ---
Can anyone tell me if they had the same trade as the one on the attached chart?

PipBear

--- 帖子 #1118 ---
nexo,

You are showing 6 trades on the 14th, although 3 were negative and 3 were positive.

I had 1 negative trade only.

Would you please post your settings so I can compare where they differ.

Thanks

PipBear

--- 帖子 #1119 ---
i've default settings; i only tried different tp  5 to 12 pips .

My operation are in a live account with 2 pips spread

--- 帖子 #1120 ---
Hi Richboy,

What indicator would that be?

Thank you.

--- 帖子 #1121 ---
Great, it does seem at the moment the trades that are canceled have proved that they would have been profitable

--- 帖子 #1122 ---
Trade are cancelled after 4 candle for default setting (vforcealert rule). But is a parameter you can try change.

--- 帖子 #1123 ---
2009.05.14 16:29:57 RichBoy1972vForce EURUSD,M15: Error sending BUY STOP order for 0.24000000 lots. Error = 131

hi i get this error and i know why

im running the ea on a demo account that have a minimum lot size of 0.1 lot so 0.24 lot is not allowed

can you fix that?

--- 帖子 #1124 ---
Sure, thanks for the feedback.

--- 帖子 #1125 ---
Thanks Richboy, I'll try it out.

Ezzy

--- 帖子 #1126 ---
I set this EA up on a practice account and it has been trading all along pretty well; I have had it on my real account for a few days and I have not had any trades. The only setting I have different is I set the risk at 1.5. I was just wondering if this would affect the trades, or be the reason I have not had a trade at all. Thanks

--- 帖子 #1127 ---
I want to say a big thank you to forexjedi and his team in developing this beautiful indicators and template. I so much love it that i was only hoping the EA would be made possible based on the Vforce rules. Then came Richboy1972 with the EA so that we do not have to placed the stop orders each time we get the signal. This has been a huge success for all of us and am really glad and happy you all took your precious time in developing these.

I had started using the VforceAlerts on my live account and had made good trades. Then yesterday i started the Vforce EA on a demo account and it really performed well. i am still demo trading it and once i have 2-3 weeks data am going to post it here.

Once again thank so much for this.Hope to stay in touch.

Jebrills...

--- 帖子 #1128 ---
Richboy, could you explain exactly what does the ProfitLossRatio do to the TP's? 'Cause I don't see it. Thanks.

And Jebrills, you data will certainly be appreciated.

--- 帖子 #1129 ---
The SL is setted by the vForceAlert rule. For example 60pips. Then the TP is set to 60 * ProfitLossRatio pips.

This parameter is useful if you override the main rule (TP1 at 20pips closing 80% of your order....)

--- 帖子 #1130 ---
Let me see if I get it.

Default settings are:

P/L Ratio=2.5

TP1=20 pip, 60%

TP2=60 pip, 20%

TP3=90 pip, 20%

In my EUR/USD chart, the last signal was Friday at 17:30 (GMT+2): Sell at 1.3555, SL at 1.3595. This would make SL=40 pip. With default settings, TP should then be 40*2.5=100 pip, right?

Yet the EA took 60% profit at 20 pips. What am I missing here?

Edit: Never mind, Richboy. I think I had P/L Ratio set to 0. Sorry.

--- 帖子 #1131 ---
Try Vforce with TriggerLines indicator

--- 帖子 #1132 ---
Here the new release.

1. I have fixed a little bug on the lotsize.

2. Time control improved. now StartTradingHour can be greater then EndTradingHour (some one ask for this...)

3. New parameter: OverrideVForceSL. If you set this to true, then the SL pips will be set to ForceStopLossPips, overriding the vForceAlert rule.

4. Removed the MAMA_v1 extern indicator. It isn't useful for the exit strategy

5. Some adjustment to default settings

As usual I suggest to test this release on a demo account before trying live.

Thanks all for your feedbacks.

--- 帖子 #1133 ---
Richboy

A quick question, does my pc have to be on in order for the EA to open trades. It seems to be that way in my demo.

Cheers

Ezzy

--- 帖子 #1134 ---
i have a question...

what type of broker must be used for this EA ??? 4digits or 5digits?????

Saly

--- 帖子 #1135 ---
The EA works with 4 or more digits.

--- 帖子 #1136 ---
Sure...

--- 帖子 #1137 ---
Thanks Richboy, I guess I will have to leave my pc on more often.

Cheers

Ezzy

--- 帖子 #1138 ---
Please what does the vforce triggerline do? Does it help the EA in triggering a signal or placing a trade?

--- 帖子 #1139 ---
The EA doesn't use the triggerline....

--- 帖子 #1140 ---
it helps to enter and exit a trade.

--- 帖子 #1141 ---
I really like your ea so far..its close.. very close.

Have you been able to check out the trix? I wanted to mention there is also a modified version by the great mladen that might be easier to work with for an ea. Same concept, used for trade entry confirmation AND can be used for exit..when the fast trix changes against the trade, it closes. Would be great to test for that too.

Second, I am hoping you will add the bbmacd.  Same concept..can use just for entry confirmation but also offer option of using that as the close

mechanism instead of other settings or trix above. So could have standard setup now, with trix confirmation AND bbmacd confirmation then choose

standard close, bbmacd close or fast trix close and test those three

for results.

What do you think??

PS: And having trading hours that works great.. hopefully based on gmt so we can enter based upon our broker offset the hours we dont want to trade this will be really hot.

thanks for all your hard work!

Brian

--- 帖子 #1142 ---
Please how do i set fixed lot size for the VforceEA? If this questions has been answered,could you kindly refer me to the post.

--- 帖子 #1143 ---
RichBoy, one question still eludes me (I'm a pain, I know).

How can we choose between using the TP (1, 2, 3) targets or the ProfitLossRatio?

Thank you

--- 帖子 #1144 ---
Feature one... True or false you can set your own lots.  Example... I like to trade 1 lot all the time regards if my account goes up or down.

Feature two... True or false you can use the standard TP settings or you can use just one TP. Example I like to take profits at 10 pips that's it.  Move on to the next trade.

Thank you ForexJedi and Robdee for the Great system and Richboy for the awesome programming skills I will love to have.  Finally a system that is very easy to learn and do.

--- 帖子 #1145 ---
Feature one is simple to introduce, so you'll have it in the next release.

Feature two is already possible: Set TP1=10, TP2=0, TP3=0 and QuoteToCloseAtTP1=100, QuoteToCloseAtTP2=0, QuoteToCloseAtTP3=0.

So to speak is enough to set TP1=10 and QuoteToCloseAtTP1=100...

No matter TP2 and TP3 if you close all order at tp1.

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1146 ---
Hi Richboy, I was just wondering if you know of any reason the EA will not trade on my real account , but it trades on my demo account. I have had it on my real account for 5 days now and no trades ; It has made many trades on the demo account and is doing well. Thanks

--- 帖子 #1147 ---
Can I get the source file richboy?

--- 帖子 #1148 ---
I'll put this option in the next release.

--- 帖子 #1149 ---
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Feature one is simple to introduce, so you'll have it in the next release.

Feature two is already possible: Set TP1=10, TP2=0, TP3=0 and QuoteToCloseAtTP1=100, QuoteToCloseAtTP2=0, QuoteToCloseAtTP3=0.

So to speak is enough to set TP1=10 and QuoteToCloseAtTP1=100...

No matter TP2 and TP3 if you close all order at tp1.

Thanks.

------------------------------------------------------------------

Thanks Richboy... this aspiring trader appreciate it!

--- 帖子 #1150 ---
I'll put this option in the next release because some one else ask for that. Sure with this you aren't doing a good MM ....

--- 帖子 #1151 ---
Thank you for the time feature I had asked.

Still, I don't know how to make the EA place trades using the TP levels instead of the ProfitLossRatio.

--- 帖子 #1152 ---
hello richboy,

Fxopen mini account uses EURUSD. ,How can I set your EA?

I set Symbolsuffix=. ,but it don't work.

Thank you

--- 帖子 #1153 ---
If you set TP1=TP2=TP3= 0 then you are using the Take profit set by ProfitLossRatio.

Vice versa If you prefer using the 3 TPs set the PLRatio to a high value (i.e. 5) so that TP1, TP2 and TP3 will be triggered before the order TP.

In my backttest however I had better result with PLRatio = 2.0 and not using TP1,2,3 I have a winning ratio lower but with greater gain.

--- 帖子 #1154 ---
I'm going to test... thanks for your feedback.

--- 帖子 #1155 ---
Hello,

In the the Vforec rule, confirmpips 10, would setting it to 5 be profitable? Will the 10 pips be the ideal setting based on research and market conditions? If this post is already answered, please kingly refer me to it. Thanks once again.

--- 帖子 #1156 ---
Can you please explain the exit strategy the vforce used in this trade i posted on cable (GBP/USD)? i am using your latest release and i edited the TP1=30,TP2=60,TP3=90. all others were left to default? the buy bias at 1.5555 close the trade at about $76. Great trade but what i do not understand is the way it actually close the trade after the breakeven.

http://my.jetscreenshot.com/166/m_20...ki8m-346kb.jpg

--- 帖子 #1157 ---
The trades was made by the EA?

Regards

--- 帖子 #1158 ---
Hi Richboy,

Thank you so much for sharing this great EA.

My problem is that my MT4 live account will only allow lot sizes of 0.1 or greater. It is working really well in my demo account, but often creates trades of 0.01 lot.

Is it possible to use this EA without it calculating small lots which will generate errors in live? Must I use a minimum lot size of 0.5 to be able to use the vForce rules?

Please explain the settings I must use so that micro lot sizes aren't calculated.

Thanks so much for all your help in this great thread!

--- 帖子 #1159 ---
The EA is supposed to calculate the lotsize as the minimum from the calculated size and the allowed mi size. So it shouldn't fault, I have to investigate.... thanks for the feedback.

However the next release has the parameter that allow to fix the lotsize without money managment.

PS what is your live broker? Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1160 ---
It is Alpari UK - a Classic account which won't allow lots smaller than 0.1.

Cheers for looking into this.

--- 帖子 #1161 ---
Ciao Richboy,

When I tried this method - closing 100% of the trade at either TP1 or (TP1 & 2) - the EA failed with a "divide by zero error"

2009.05.21 13:25:11 2009.05.01 01:45 RichBoy1972vForce EURJPY,M15: zero divide

I love this EA, and I'm still trying to find a way of using it whereby the lots don't go smaller than 0.1 .....

--- 帖子 #1162 ---
You're right, SOOOORRY! I'm going to fix the bug now. Just 10/15 min and I'll release the 0.2 version with also minLotSize, maxLotSize, fixedLotSize.

Thanks for your patience.

--- 帖子 #1163 ---
You are such a star. Thank you so much ... can't wait for Version 2!

--- 帖子 #1164 ---
Hi all,

I just released the new version of the EA with some features added.

Now you can set the minimum and maximum lot size.

Moreover you can use a fixedlotsize, if you prefer (someone ask for both the way).

Then a BIG bug was fixed in the TP managment (Thanks to erwal...)

Now you can set TP1 = 100 and TP2=TP3=0 without error.

Thanks

PS I'm writing the user manual for who ask for that...

PS2 From this version I removed the requirement of 15M time frame (even I know that the vForceAlerts is for that..., but I'm having good signals in 1H TF.... with less losses..)

--- 帖子 #1165 ---
please what time frame should i use for the backtest for eur/usd? Because the value am getting and curve is not encouraging at all. also is there s set file i can use that is very good please?

--- 帖子 #1166 ---
I'm having good results in backtests for the year 2008.

For the last month, as you said, not too good. So I'm studing a good filter to apply for avoid fake signals. When ready I'll post here...

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1167 ---
Wow! This EA was fantastic in forward testing today. NO losses and it just kept printing money.

Part of today's file attached - all I could get in a screen shot.

All done on 15min timeframes, on a variety of currency pairs - best on anything with JPY. I kept tweaking the settings and half way through the day I changed to V0.2. I can post my latest settings if anyone is interested (although being a newbie, I don't know how to create a set file yet)

Quite frankly I don't think the settings would have mattered too much today - once the price broke through the pending orders, it was $$ all the way!

By the way - I agree it is pretty dire in back tests. It could be that I am pretty dire at doing them - I don't know how to get quality test data yet.

Richboy - I also spotted a few issues/problems I'll detail in later posts. I just wanted to share the good news first!

Happy pipping everyone

--- 帖子 #1168 ---
Thanks!

Waiting for the issues....

--- 帖子 #1169 ---
Richboy, it still wont allow H1 time frame.

--- 帖子 #1170 ---
Sure? Now it only displays a red warning message, but the EA is operating.

--- 帖子 #1171 ---
OK - in the pursuit of trying to get this EA (V0.2) to work with lots no smaller than 0.1, I set the following parameters:

UseFixedLotSize=false (I don't think fixed lots are good MM)

FixedLotSizeToUse=0

UserMinLotSize=0.1

UserMaxLotSize=2

TakeProfit1Pips=10

TakeProfit2Pips=20

TakeProfit3Pips=0

QuoteToCloseAtTP1=10

QuoteToCloseAtTP2=80

QuoteToCloseAtTP3=0

The trades placed for each pending order of 2 lots were:

0.2, 1.44, 0.04, 0.26, 0.01, 0.04, 0.01 (which all adds up to 2.0 )

It is obvious that the EA calculates the TP2 percentage on the remaining balance (in this case, 80% of 90%, which makes 1.44). So, I guess to get 80% of the original lot, I need to specify TP2 as 89% (89% of 90% = 80%). Is that right?

If so, I can get round the 1.44 lot TP2 trade by changing the TP2 percentage to 89% to get a valid lot of 1.6.

But what about the remaining trades? The EA seems to ignore the UserMinLotSize parameter - or does it only work in conjunction with UseFixedLotSize=true?

The MaxLotSize seems to work independently, and correctly ....

Ideally, if UserMinLotSize=0.1, it would be great if the remaining percentage of the trade could follow the break-out in lots rounded to 0.1.

As a last resort, would it work if I set TP3 to 100% and specify a TakeProfit3Pips amount for the remaining 10% of the trade? I'm reluctant to do this, because it's good to follow the break-out as long as possible ...

Can you confirm whether I have set the parameters correctly, Richboy, for the UserMinLotSize?

(I also thought there was a stop loss problem, but it was me setting the parameters wrong! Oops )

Thanks for your ongoing support and all your hard work.

--- 帖子 #1172 ---
So the message doesn't matter, it still works. OK

--- 帖子 #1173 ---
Hi Richboy, I have the EA on a $1000 Alpari US account for a week now, and I have not gotton any trades; I also still have it on a demo account and it makes multiple trades everyday with lots of success; I was just wondering if you know why it is not trading on my real account? Thanks

--- 帖子 #1174 ---
Hi Rich boy,  nice work buddy!  one thing on the last version that you posted is when i try and put it on a time frame other than the 15 minute it gives on error message on the chart and it sends an error message to my email because i have it notify me when it sets a trade,  can you fix that?

Thanks much!

Lucky

--- 帖子 #1175 ---
Erwarl,

That would be great if you could post your settings.  :-)

You can save a set file when you are changing the ea's parameter/settings.  There should be 2 buttons next to the settings that say Load and Save.  Choose save after you have finished changing all of the settings to your liking.  Once you have saved your settings, they will be located somewhere similar to this:

Crogram Files\YOUR BROKER NAME\experts\presets

HTH!  :-)

--- 帖子 #1176 ---
The percentage to close are calculated with this code:

internalQuoteToCloseAtTP1 = QuoteToCloseAtTP1;

if(QuoteToCloseAtTP1<100){

internalQuoteToCloseAtTP2 = (100/(100-QuoteToCloseAtTP1)) * QuoteToCloseAtTP2;

}else{

internalQuoteToCloseAtTP2 = 0;

}

if((QuoteToCloseAtTP1+QuoteToCloseAtTP2)<100 ){

internalQuoteToCloseAtTP3 = (100/(100-QuoteToCloseAtTP1-QuoteToCloseAtTP2)) * QuoteToCloseAtTP3;

}else{

internalQuoteToCloseAtTP3 = 0;

}

so the EA have to get 1.6 and not 1.44 at TP2 (as you can see from the code). I don't understand what'a going on.... let me investigate.

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1177 ---
Hi Bnbb - thanks for the info about set files. I have changed all the settings again since yesterday (trying to force the EA to produce larger lot sizes) - but the settings I used yesterday were in my earlier post. The only additional info you need is that I had MoveSLtoBEafterTP1 = True (which is why I set TP1 to a small value).

So far, the EA is doing really well in testing today too!

Good luck!

--- 帖子 #1178 ---
I agree it is puzzling - although I am no programmer, I can see that the logic here is clearly correct.....

--- 帖子 #1179 ---
Hi Richboy1972

First of all, many thanks for all you hard work.

The EA is really amazing!

But I have a question.......

Is there a chance to change something in the code?

I have a IBFX Mini Account and I have found out that the calculatet lotsize is too small. According my calculation the lotsize should be approximately 0,6, but is only opens 0,06 lots.

Is there a way to handle this or would it be necessary to alter the code?

thank's a lot!

Cyborg

--- 帖子 #1180 ---
Richboy

The EA for this system is great, many thanks have to be given to FJ and Robdee for the system, however I think you deserve your share amount of thanks for the continuous work you are putting on this EA.

I am still using this EA on demo, but I am considering using it on a live account soon.

I must add however that your latest version is not trigering any trades, and I cant work out why, any suggestions.

Cheers and may thanks

Ezzy

--- 帖子 #1181 ---
Hi Richboy

Congratulations for your work.

Unfortunately with your settings and last version , I get bad results for 3 months on backtesting ( EURUSD 15 M ).

Could you or anybody post a good set ?

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1182 ---
Words can't express how I feel about this EA that you have created. Ver 2.0 is wonderful. The fix lots setting is awesome. I'm making 10 pips per trade. This is all I want. Maybe later I will test out other currency besides eur/usd. Making 10 pips a trade will compound into a huge amount. This EA is a marathon to me. Thanks richboy...

Here's a picture of my trades with ver 2.0. So far no problems.

http://i183.photobucket.com/albums/x...c/vforce-2.gif

--- 帖子 #1183 ---
Looks good guys, a lot of work i am sure has gone into this, respect richboy.

Quick question can you you run the new Version on the same pairs with different time frames?

GL Punta

--- 帖子 #1184 ---
Can't understand , some have had good results, some have not had a trade etc. I've had this running on demo for a week & it's lost me $268

--- 帖子 #1185 ---
Yes, but you have to use different MagicNumber.

--- 帖子 #1186 ---
Thanks again - so you can just change these yourself then, without any problem?

--- 帖子 #1187 ---
The MagicNumber is an extern parameter so that you can customize it as you want.

Good pips!

--- 帖子 #1188 ---
Hi Richboy

one more question......

Is your EA running on live accounts, or only on demo?

Thank's

Cyborg

--- 帖子 #1189 ---
I consider this EA still under development, so I'm testing it only on Demo. But someone here is yet using it LIVE with good results.

Good pips!

--- 帖子 #1190 ---
Hi all,

finally we get Profit even backtesting the EA from 01 Jan 2009 to 22 May 2009.

I try different options, but I get positive results when I switch from 15M to 1H timeframe and put TP1 at 10Pips.

I ask ForexJedi and Robdee if is dangerous to trade with this TF with vForceAlerts or not, because it seems very good at me (95% winning pos)

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1191 ---
i'm looking too on H1 tf, but don't know if 10 pips enter rule, works in real H1 like in m15 tf. waiting for forexjedy and robdee instructions

--- 帖子 #1192 ---
Funny, the same happened to me today (almost).

I'm not very versed on the backtesting inner workings, but I tested the EA with the M15 time frame and the results were... not good.

Then, and since I'm now forward testing on demo in H1 (I read Richboy saying it seemed more reliable in this time frame) I thought "lets try in H1, who knows it will have a different outcome".

And it did. For this month only:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Also with my settings, since April 1, 2009:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Since the beginning of this year, not so good:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1193 ---
Just found this system and like all good things it is simple and very straightforward but as a newbe to forex and still at the demo stage could you tell me how to take 80% profit on the MT4 site?

Sorry may be this is something I should know but if I don't ask I will never find out

Regards

Koyco

--- 帖子 #1194 ---
Hi all

I have been forward testing this EA for the past 3 weeks. I usually have my PC on from about London Open till about NY open and the EA only appears to take trades during periods when my trading platform is on.

I am trying this EA on G/U and E/U, however I am experimenting on U/CAD and U/UHF.

So far I have had no losess on the E/U trades. About 60% wining rate on G/U and no losess on U/CAD and U/UHF (although these two pairs don't produce as many signals).

Richboy, I must say that I am very happy with the EA, so thank you so much.

Cheers

Ezzy

--- 帖子 #1195 ---
Thanks for testing.

Bye.

--- 帖子 #1196 ---
You're welcome

--- 帖子 #1197 ---
what setup for H1 timeframe do you use?

--- 帖子 #1198 ---
Hi Richboy

Loaded the EA on to two different sites and each of the4meta sites crashed and would not allow me access untill I removed Richboy EA from the programme files

Any ideals?

Regards

Koyco

--- 帖子 #1199 ---
I'm sorry but this shoudn't happen.... which broker do you use?

--- 帖子 #1200 ---
GCI&Forexmeta

--- 帖子 #1201 ---
In this few day since release 0.2 I review the code for some optimization and correct a silly bug that cause the EA don't follow correctly the TP1,2,3. Now it is all ok.

This release is the result of big efforts and I consider this one the first good one to try on a live account. This night I'm going to evaluate some different settings for 15m and 1H time frames and then I'll post the best results I can get.

This version, to indicate a big step for me, is numbered 0.5

Thanks all for the valuable suggestions since now.

--- 帖子 #1202 ---
Are we to discard the original THE FORCE for V-FORCE or is there a way to integrate the 2?

--- 帖子 #1203 ---
Hi, you guys are doing a great job out there, keep it up.

I'm a newbie, does the red signal means sellstop & blue buystop? at that value?

--- 帖子 #1204 ---
Tried this version but still crashes

--- 帖子 #1205 ---
You are the only one that has this problem, so i think it could depend by the brokers.

Have you yet tried others EA?

Someone else with this problem?

--- 帖子 #1206 ---
You Might need to update your MT4 to the version build 224. Hope this will help.

--- 帖子 #1207 ---
Richboy1972

This version doesn't seem to do as well on 1hr TF, as previous version.

Is there anything in the set file I should be updating?

--- 帖子 #1208 ---
Hey Rich Boy,

Thanks for your EA.  I must have done the 15min backtest wrong, because the results for the past 6 months aren't so great.   I used Alpari, but the balance went from 10,000 down to about 3700.  I used the vforce alerts and your latest EA download, with out MAMA.

Have you done any further backtests over the past 6 months?

sm

--- 帖子 #1209 ---
Hi found I little bug.... here the last version.

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1210 ---
Excellent job Richboy, I'm new here but  had the chance to test version one and I agree with you that the 15 min is too volatile for this system.  The fixed lot size and user S/L is great to have, this time you cover all the bases.  Also I would like to thank Robdee and forexjedy for the creation of the wonderful indicator and for been open minded about the creation of the EA I know they were not fun of it at the beginning, but that's the only way we can learn what work and what doesn't.

Thank you again for your generosity, hope we can make some money so we can pay some back for your great work.  Ok now I have to get back to my trading and you guys go and get some rest

--- 帖子 #1211 ---
Hi Richboy!!,,,,Congrats!!,,,,,Your efforts and talents are appreaciated!!,,,,Ciou!

--- 帖子 #1212 ---
when using on a higher timeframe, what settings do I need to change? Only it comes up with the warning that needs to be on a 15 m

--- 帖子 #1213 ---
Hi Richboy,Thanks for ur EA. I got a few questions for u, hope u can help me on these.1) If im using IBFX and trading on a mini acc is it i need to set EURUSDm in the symbol suffix or just the alphabet "m" on it.2) Can i have ur user manual for the EA?3) If i wan to use the EA on both 15m and 1hr is it i can use the default magic number for the 15m and maybe change the 1hr magic number to such as just a single number "1" or even "2"?

--- 帖子 #1214 ---
You have to set just "m", but this setting is used only for not USD accounts.

User manual is still under development ;-))

Sure, but you have to set ManageAllOrders = false.

Bye

--- 帖子 #1215 ---
great EA though richboy, performing great

--- 帖子 #1216 ---
Hi,

First I'll like to thank RichBoy for your great contribution.

I'm new an trying out this EA...

Can someone advise me what is the timeframe for RichBoy1972vForce ?

It didn't perform on my backtest for 15mins timeframe, it was downtrend and my demo USD250 account went to zero...

Using 1 hour timeframe was better, but the gains was all very small all in cents. I understand is because of my small deposit, but how to increase it?

I tested everything on default settings...

When I changed the timeframe to 1hrs, the EA prompt me that there is an error (Message was displayed on the chart which has the EA attached to it.)

However, the backtest shows that the 15mins timeframe has not performing at all.

I'll appreciate if someone who has successfully used this RichBoy1972VForce v0.5.1 share your insights ? What should be the correct timeframe ? Any settings to share for a small deposit of USD250 to work, giving gains like at least USD 1 for each trades, rather than gains in cents ?

Last but not least, is vForce system developed by ForexJedi, suppose to work on which time frame? 15 mins or 1 hour ? or Both ? the vForceAlerts  is designed for which time frame ?

Thanks for your help

--- 帖子 #1217 ---
This night I'll post a set file for your 250USD and I'll answer all your questions, thanks for testing.

--- 帖子 #1218 ---
I am Chinese.My English very bad.Sorry

I only want say

Thank you very much~!forexjedi

Ii's a Best trading system~!

Easy,Clean,More Win Signal

Ii's take me many Money

Very THANK YOU!

--- 帖子 #1219 ---
Thank you very much for the answers richboy.

Have a nice trading day.

Regards,

Chea Wei.

--- 帖子 #1220 ---
Basically vforce designed by forexjedi is for 15 mins one. And i have try richboy ea nowadays and these 2 days i get 100 percent winning trade. Although im just testing and using 0.01 lot but this amaze me. Normally i dun trust backtest and feel that it will mislead every profitable EA. From my experience im just suggesting u to try on forwardtesting maybe u can trade 0.01 in live account and at least u can get the feeling on the real market with this ea and also win some penny pip.

--- 帖子 #1221 ---
Ouch Ouch double Uoch todays buy @ 1.4161 wiped out a weeks gains and it could have been avoided if I had keeped an eye on the screen or adjusted the TP but thats is what a EA's for is'nt it?

--- 帖子 #1222 ---
If the EA has bought at 1.4161, then you are using 15m timeframe.

As I said, for me the 15min tf is to volatile. If you had used the 1hr tf, my favourite one, you would have gained since yesterday.. look at the attached chart.

Thanks.

PS Obviously I'm sorry for your trading day....

--- 帖子 #1223 ---
Hi all.

First of all I want to thank RobDee and ForexJedi for the great indicator they had developed. Simply (to use), amazing, clear and profitable.

Then I want to thank for their hospitality in this thread.

And then I thanks you all for the great feedbacks you gave me.

But now is time to move over to a new thread where I'll post my ea and others stuff.

Well, thanks again and here the link:

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=171903

Bye!

PS Next version of RichBoy1972vForce will posted in the new thread...

--- 帖子 #1224 ---
Forexjedi, RobDee, & RichBoy1972,

You seem like a nice guy who's heart is in the right place and wish only to help people in the same boat as you.

I looked at your system with anticipation of seeing something different being posted on FF and am sad to say it's the same old thing. People who haven't learned to trade with consistent profits turn to automatic systems thinking it will cure all there mistakes.

There are so many mistakes on this system that it's hard to know where to start. I will try to be as gentle as possible but understand that even though you say you've been in the Forex for seven years you still have a long road ahead of you before being able to both trade and write EA's. Who am I to say you may ask yourself. I am a person just like you who has traveled the same road but I probably have a different background. I'm very strong in math and analyzing statistical data as my career depended on it. Enough of me, let's see if I can start you down the road to writing a better EA.

1. A chart is a means of depicting price action of a currency pair whether the pair be EURUSD, GBPAUD or any other pair. It should not make any difference whatsoever and if your system only works on one pair and fails on every other then your analysis of this system is very flawed and it will turn on the user like a snake. To be very blunt I don't see it working on any pair. One could make a simple 2-EMA, SMA-5 cross and get better results. Doing a backtest on this system is useless as you can see it plainly on the chart below.

2. The chart below shows your Buys (Blue Candle) and your Sell Short(Red Candles) along with my own added indicators. The charts shows a green linear regression channel that shows the trend in an uptrend which your trades choose to ignore completely and the same in the red LRC on Chart #2. You cannot ignore trend in trading, period.

3. The vertical lines are some buys(green) and sells(red) that my indicators are suggesting although I have not put all my indicators on the chart as it gets a little busy. You see the buys and sells occuring quite a few times on the channel top and bottoms and at other times are almost to the channel.

How do I know to sell before the channel and before the price reverses? That's easy as I also have open the M1, M5 and the H1 and if any they hit a channel it's time to sell no matter what the M15 is showing. You will also see on chart #2 a buy on the bottom channel and a sell just above the mid-line of the channel. The prudent move because the buy long was against the trend is to sell once it crosses the channel midline but in this case the indicators said hang on a bit longer.

4. In the last paragraph of #3 my system was selling and your indicator was buying and did not sell until a big loss occurred.

5. On #2 I see a sell short in the middle of the channel on a long down trend and althouh I see a prior sell short towards the top it is way too late as the big move already happened. Why is this occurring? It show's you are using an indicator that is using historical data instead of finding the indicator's top. This will always result in a trade done one or two bars too late costing you profits and sometimes creating a big loss if it then reverses.

6. On #1 chart you will see a yellow vertical line closing the trade at the end of the week. I see nothing on yours. Anything can happen over the weekend. Trade smart and survive. This is not a gambling casino.

SUMMATION

This system is only an attempt at an EA. Any money that is made is purely chance as a blind squirrel finds an acorn sometimes. I'm trying hard not to offend anybody here but there are lots of newbies ready to throw their hardearned money at anything and somebody that knows has to tell the them the holy grail this is not.

SUGGESTIONS

Go back and backtest with just one of the indicators such as the bollinger band. Don't bother looking at the money and concentrate on the times it hit close to the pivot points. If none were hit then adjust the parameters until it does. If they buy or sell too late or too early then change the code ar add a loop in the code. Backtest a number of currency pairs. Adjust and recode again until you see positive results and I don't mean look at the money.

Now do the same thing with a second indicator. When you get positive results and hits on or before the pivots then combine indicators into one stategy.

Now you can look at the results, but still the money is not the key here yet. Don't let a large net dollar amount blind you to the fact that you've just begun to make this a holy grail, as you have a ways to go yet but it is doable. If you don't know how to program I suggest going to TS or some other broker who has an easy language system. You can alway convert it to meta4 later.

The most important thing to look at is the drawdowns and the losing trades. Realize as you add some additional indicators some of the drawdowns and losing trades will go away. If you have problems with a buy and then a sell short, change to just buy and sells until you see better results. A good system will have buy longs, buy to cover, sell, and sell short. You will know when to add these.

Last but not least you must learn how to use and read trends and why the M15 is heading down with the H1 going up. You also must learn what trend is dominating over another. Once you learn for example why the 15M is reversing because the M1 has hit it's upper resistance and it's indicators are topping out and thus have nowhere else to go but down. Adding a trend indicator will push the results to levels you only dreamed about. The last one I wrote, which has been long while, went up 5,700% with the trend addition. After you learn these things and you know how to trade like a professional your thoughts of producing an EA will go in the garbage as your too busy counting your money to care anymore.

I hope I've opened your eyes but if this goes on deaf ears it won't be the first time and will probably not be the last.

Trade well and prosper and never stop learning,

TradeMaster1

--- 帖子 #1225 ---
LMAO      What the hell was that?

--- 帖子 #1226 ---
Great indicators you worked out thanks and Regards

--- 帖子 #1227 ---
Hi Richboy!!

I am trying to install your latest system update and I should like to know how.My level in programs is 0.Could say me where and how to install in the platform Interbank? I have also tried to change the parameters but always i've the default parameters and I don't know made it.As should be able to do to get the parameters and these remain? Thanks and best regards!

ps.Sorry with my english!!

--- 帖子 #1228 ---
[quote=richboy1972;2766297]If the EA has bought at 1.4161, then you are using 15m timeframe.

As I said, for me the 15min tf is to volatile. If you had used the 1hr tf, my favourite one, you would have gained since yesterday.. look at the attached chart.

Thanks.

Hello Richboy,

I'm totaly new with the topic, can you plz attach the latest version of the systems indicator and if it is possible a pdf or something about the system?

Thank you.

PS I have tried the version 0.5.1 but it doesnt appear on my chart at all! I have tested it on UnionFX, Alpari and FIBO mt4s.

--- 帖子 #1229 ---
Summation

Nothing is more annoying than criticism for the sake of criticism (especially when one thinks they are being clever at the same time.  I just love quirky people, don't you?).

Okay big guy, show us what you've got.  Prove that your opinion should be considered of any value... or is it just more "peanut gallery" ramblings.  I've noticed that most of your commentary on this forum is of this nature.

I have yet to see anything constructive emanate from your oracle-like presence.  But don't let that stop you.  Please, continue to show us the wisdom of your ways.

Thanks.

I probably shouldn't have posted this because I think this is exactly the response you are trolling for but I couldn't help myself.

--- 帖子 #1230 ---
johnthom,

You evidently didn't look at the charts or read all of my post. If you see the charts as an analysis gone wrong and you have a better analysis to "show and tell" then do it. Please bring it on as I would love to see it. But the first thing I saw when opening a EURUSD-M15 chart was the price was at the end of a long uptrend. I put on a Bollinger Band indicator set at 24 and the price candle was already above it. I printed off the instructions and couldn't believe what I was reading.

I quote from the instructions "When a blue candle appears place a pending order" NOTE THAT A GREEN IS THE CANDLE THAT YOUR TRADE HAS BEEN INITIATED."

There is absolutely no excuse for this bad trade. No explanation can ever excuse this ludicrous trade. Period.

Look for yourself and see the chart below. The top yellow is where the "BUY LONG" occurred and the bottom yellow is the low to date. The distance is the drawdown to date. The Red line is the stop as instucted. I don't care if this trade ends up making money as that is not the point. It's just a horrible entry point and the facts are in front of you. You call this a good system? I hope you have lots of money. Your going to need it. If I couldn't design a better system than this I'd quit. BUT I CAN AND I HAVE.

Johnny

--- 帖子 #1231 ---
Why don't share your system with us?

--- 帖子 #1232 ---
[quote=Mini Trader;2767694]

Hello everyone,

Is there anyone to help me plz?

--- 帖子 #1233 ---
Dear Johnny,

Let's just remain professional, shall we?

This is a thread dedicated to an EA.

No, not the Holy Grail.

An EA.

I'm sure you are a great trader and have considerable knowledge in Forex. I'm sure you have more knowledge in Forex than me, for instance.

But this is not the point.

Unless you have a constructive and positive approach you'd better not commenting at all at the flaws of the system.

If you have a problem you can ask for help. However, if you just jump in and throw random destructive ideas at the developers it means you are a pr*ck. Period.

It's very easy to point out flaws in a system which is NOT PERFECT. Get on, live with it. If you are so great, I'm sure you have other top-performing EAs at your disposal and you don't need this one.

I, for one, actually made money with it.

Really, just consider that it's hard work of a bunch of people who instead of keeping it to themselves shared it with everybody, so you better think twice before criticising it in such a manner.

Regards

hsa

--- 帖子 #1234 ---
[quote=Mini Trader;2769314]
click the paperclip in the top rt of forum page to get any files posted on this forum.

Installation instructructions are available at your metatrader (BASIC) help.

Why dont u guys do your homework? Have you even read the thread?

--- 帖子 #1235 ---
new to the thread, i believe i got the latest version... should i download the newest templates as well? the template i have now, it looks like there hasn't been a valid trade for days... thanks...

gilly

--- 帖子 #1236 ---
Thats fact

--- 帖子 #1237 ---
Hi all,

I have enjoyed sitting in the backround for the past little while watching everyone help each other out to become better FX traders and working together as this type of behaviour models what I believe in. When I saw this post I wasnt going to comment but after much thought I decided to jump on here and make a few comments.

First off Johnny no offense has been taken. I can tell you that I didnt just make this "method" up in five minutes and post it here. The signals generated by the indicator are not a mindless entry method. As stated at the beginning og the thread the purpose here is for a staged learning experience. The first phase was to get traders used to the indicator itself. The second stage which is the "advaced" portion of the system includes trend lines, pivots and fibs. Did you see this portion of the thread?

Being that most traders here are new to FX, or have been in the market for some time with no success this is the way ive tried to release the system as to not create an information overload. Like ive mentioned previously not every signal should be taken. When I look at your charts its clear and confirms that one needs to apply the advanced rules to maximise their profits.

To sum things up you seem to understand like I and others do that trading FX requires some skill, effort and the proper type of experience. Lastly I do think its a bit rude to come on this thread and tell me that I have a long road ahead of me. I have travelled the road and have made it to the end in one piece. I would be very pleased if you would start a thread here on FF showing your method or system and become a leader to help others if your knowledge is so vast. Im sure many people would be happy to learn some of the things you know about the FX market. Failure to do this would only mean to me that your just another trader that has stopped by my thread to "talk" and not put your money where you mouth is. If you decided to help others learn then I salute you.

FJ

--- 帖子 #1238 ---
richboy1972,hsa013, Forexjedi,

As I stated in my post I wish no harm, only enlightenment. If this is a developing EA, a work in progress then why was the first post written like this was the answer to every traders dream. Call me the Robinhood of the Forex protecting the newbies, the unknowing, the weak and the vunerable.

How do the newbies tell the difference between a good trade and a bad one? They only believe what you have written and I didn't see anything in your instructions showing which "BAD TRADES" one is not supposed to trade. Everytime I post on something like this the system inventors first line of defense is "SHOW ME YOURS".

The greatness of my system is not the discussion here as I have not started a thread and I have not posted any system but you have so expect the criticism. Please prove me wrong and show us something more than wild statements and bad trades and excuses why somebody lost a weeks worth of profits on one trade. Am I an expert? It appears much more so than anybody here. Years in the Forex does not make one smarter. They give you no sheepskins here for just showing up and spending time. We do not measure intelligence by your school attendance records.

It gets down to this. Either your system works or it doesn't. I can get a monkey to pick buys and sells and he will make 50% wins and 50% losses some of the time on at least one currency pair.

I just saw a system on the internet showing $136,000 net profit and he was dumb enough to show the TS analysis form. It showed $645,000 gross profit meaning there was $509,000 in losses. The drawdowns were huge and something like $700,000. Margin call here we come. He actually thought he had the Holy Grail and was asking real money for this piece for junk.

Forexjedi, as far as any advanced rules, show me the one rule on the bad trades this thing produces.

I believe you need to take this thing back to the basics and read the most important indicator of all. What is that you say. The price action on your chart is the most important indicator. Most all of the subsequent indicators are using this in there formulas to try to predict the future.

Posted is an example of what I'm telling you. If you can understand the chart and make an EA that mimics this action then you're on your way to a great EA. All of the mathematics of these have been written a thousand times. Ask yourself why only some trendlines were drawn and other possibilities were not. The answer is the key and it's staring back at you. It's like a mystery but you will find it if you analyze this enough. Some of the answers are plain to see as the price goes from support to resistance and back to support. Sometimes the price hits support and then blows through all resistance levels, or does it? Is the Linear Regression Channel a line of resistance? Let's list all that can be seen to see if the puzzle can be unravelled.

1. Top LRC resistance.

2. Bottom LRC support.

3. Midline Center LRC support/resistance.

4. Top resistance line of the Bollinger Bands set at 12.

5. Bottom support line of the Bollinger Bands set at 12.

6. Simple Moving Average line of the Bollinger Bands set at 12 (centerline).

7. Top resistance line of the Bollinger Bands set at 24.

8. Bottom support line of the Bollinger Bands set at 24.

9. Simple Moving Average line of the Bollinger Bands set at 24 (centerline).

10. Trendlines both up and down.

11. Pivot Lows and pivot highs.(Just for show)

12. Stochastics(very important they are)

13. CCI and what a lovely thing she is as this will work when stochastics is too slow and she is so trendy as well.

A few others may be added and the Bols-36 is one of them. Another that some traders love as an entry indicator is the 2-EMA cross of the 5-SMA . I personally just watch the price cross the trendline and add my own recipe to the mix which is right there on the chart but it does take some analysis to uncover.

Please understand that I can appreciate the work that has been done here and it would be much easier for me just to post a thank you for a great system but that would not be correct. I have seen nothing yet to warrent any congratulations. After looking at dozens of blue, red and green bars poping up in all the wrong places except for a few and this goes along with the monkey or the squirrel story it just isn't what you proclaimed it to be.

Combining a number of indicators together for a super indicator is not something new and wonderful and this is the proof as I've seen before to it's failure to actually work. A better way is to use an indicator as it was designed to be used and validate it by another. This does not mean using similar indicators as this doesn't validate anything and results in bad trades as I believe is wrong with this system.

Take the Stochastics indicator for instance, it is a great thing but can be overused or misused both resulting in early or late trades. If you look at historical charts you will see the stochastics fast indicator hitting the 100 mark and then down maybe to 85 then back to 100 many times in an uptrend. Which one is the correct "Sell Short" position? The answer is none and the indicator getting close to zero has the same answer. You can use the MACD, RSI, or any other of the thousands of indicators out there and I will tell you the same thing. These all remind me of accountants, CPA's or history teachers. They can all tell you where you are now or what has happend in the past but not what's going to happen in the future. On the other hand using statistical data can give you a prediction of the future although it be for only a short time. The Bollinger bands can and will predict the future some of the time as well as the LRC.

Bad systems usually rely on SMA crosses or indicator crosses and ignore everything else. I have produced these as well in my early times of little education but too much code had to be added to cover the hicups. Indicators cross and recross and end up making way too many trades and most in the wrong places. I know this because I have been down this road before and wasted thousands of hours writing EA's only to see what I see here. If your stop loss is getting hit a lot that's an indication. Does the system work in an uptrend and a downtrend? Does it work on all currency pairs? Is the drawdown very very small? Are the losses very very small? If any of your answers are no then this is an EA under construction and the proclaimed sentence below should be revised and state the truth.

Does this system produce money? Does this system lose money? Both is the answer even if it was the Holy Grail. But at the end of a day of trading I had better have a lot more money instead of something less. If you are the people you say you are then look at what I have given you before you throw it out with the garbage. Giving you an EA on a silver platter will teach you nothing. Maybe with enough information and reprograming this system, it will become the best that was ever made so why would I prevent this from happening.

I am trying to show you the way but first you have to put your egos aside and use that high testosterone and adrenalin levels and use that aggression to making the system better. The problem with males is they don't take being wrong very well. Even though I don't know everything about your program and many things are probably great some things are not correct or I would not be here writing this post. I'm as bad as the next male but age has made me wiser. After working on an indicator for days I opened a book at Barnes and Noble and the author had written about the fallacy in producing a system with this indicator. I bought the book and he was correct. I put that idea in my library of bad ideas and moved on.

Some of the traders here will still be clueless long after they lose their money. Others I'm sure have learned from using your system just by watching the charts and have learned how to take what you have supplied and make a little money. They may have also taken the bull by the horns to learn how the markets work to put more money in their pockets. The fact that 95% of all new traders end up losing their money doesn't support this line of thinking unfortunately. The more educated traders that support your system are not the ones that are losing money it's the ones who are new to the forex that can lose their shirt.

I'm done with the waking you up period and will just check back on occasion to see if your still here and is there any improvement in your system.

Happy EA producing,

Johnny

========================================================

Original posted by Forexjedi,

"the ride of a lifetime turning a seemingly difficult and wild market and taming it into a super efficient profit making machine."

--- 帖子 #1239 ---
Are you seriously for real. WOW how hard is it to criticise someone or something, not very hard at all.

If you think you are so great why then don't you help everyone with what great idea's you have? I know you wont because you probably have not got any at all. Share you EA with us or your great system and don't just tell others what they are doing wrong, TELL others how to do it right.

--- 帖子 #1240 ---
All,

You know what annoys this type the most?

If we ignore him...

Don't even bother answering.

Forexjedi, Richboy,

Thanks a lot for your system and your EA, it's a great piece of work.

hsa

--- 帖子 #1241 ---
' the unknowing, the weak and the vunerable....'

Thats me... I see a daily chart with bollinger Bands; Kelner Channels; SuperSignal; ..is that a linear regression channel in lime?... The longer moves are Long, in between smaller short swings, all neatly packaged in a Longer uptrend channel. Bottom indicators are labled...hmmmm ... how'm I doin so far?

--- 帖子 #1242 ---
ttradr,

You're no newbie but there is no Keltner Channel here but who knows it might be better than the BB. You're missing the most important, look again.

Johnny

--- 帖子 #1243 ---
do you mind if I dont...lol

--- 帖子 #1244 ---
[quote=ttradr;2770115]

Hello and thank you for responding me,

I know about the clips on the top of the page dude! I mean the last version of the official and tested expert and indivators, there are dosen of exe, zip and... files that i do not know which one is the OK version.

Thank you again.

Regards,

Mini Trader.

--- 帖子 #1245 ---
Oh god, the suspense is killing me.  Please someone genuflex to this almighty wizard so that he may stop toying with our nubiness and bestow upon us his keys to the kingdom of riches.

This guy is a troll.  Check out his other posts. Same troll, different bridge.

Go into your forum settings and add him to your ignore list.

--- 帖子 #1246 ---
[quote=Mini Trader;2773165]
the 'latest' are the newest files= pages go back in time, page 1 is newest, latest.

--- 帖子 #1247 ---
[quote=ttradr;2774729]

Hi Ttrader,

Thank u very much for guiding me dude,

But i have trouble instaling the indicator on my mt4 too! the indicator lonely does noy work, but the tpl (black or white) do works, but i do not know how to read the signals, when the candel color changes it is long or short signal?

can u please guide me more about that?

Thank you man,

Regards,

Mini Trader.

--- 帖子 #1248 ---
Richboy1972,

Ok, I took your advice and downloaded Version 4. The attached chart below is the result. I added all of the indicators that were mentioned in the PDF instructions to the chart. The results are just as bad as before. Why does this system go against the indicators. The system still buys long when it should sell short and sells short when it should go long. It has nothing to do with me as anybody can look at the chart and see the indicators. Better yet, anybody with a half a brain can bring up their own chart and add the indicators and see for themselves. I have provided below a MT4 template to make it easier to see the chart. Then download Version4 and add it to the chart.

I did see some buys and sells that did make money but most all were either late or early based on your own indicators and then screwed up on the other end of the trade. Which indicator(s) don't you people understand? I've seen better systems by newbies. I just downloaded one using similar indicators written by a newbie of three months experience. It has 85% wins. MMMM, sounds like the "Super Efficient Profit Making Machine" you promised so long ago, doesn't it?

This new version does show some improvement but it is still showing dumb trades. Too many of these trades are going against the prevailing trend and or showing buy longs at the top of the Upper Bollinger Band or a sell short at the bottom of the lower Band. Who ever is using this system to trade has to realize in a short time that this system's ability to pick good trades is worse than any newbie after he/she learns how the indicators work and how to use them.

If this system is truely your finest work in seven years, forexjedi, then I would hate to see your worst. Sorry, but this effort of yours does not show seven years or even seven months of good sound analysis of the trades it produces. The only good things I see was by the programmer and everything else is not worth the space it would take up in one's computer.

If you don't like this analysis then I strongly suggest you seek the advice of an expert that you admire. Quit telling me this is a work in progress as a first year college student can do better than this and has. Look on the internet and you will see them by the dozens. Better yet just look on FF.

Trade well and prosper and ignore the dumb trades,

Johnny

--- 帖子 #1249 ---
Johnny,

Im going to put it all on the table for you buddy. You make me sick! To me it sounds like all youve done is read some books. You may know your theory and can plot things on a chart after the fact but ill bet my life that you dont know sh*t when it comes to making live trades. People like you are whats wrong with the world. You think you know it all. All I see in your text from all your messages is blah blah blah blah blah blah.

Please get the f*ck of this thread. You have no merit of any kind! Your just some guy with barely any posts that thinks he knows it all but cant prove anything. Your just one of many to stop by my thread to be an asshole for no reason. As a matter of fact if we were face to face in front of a chart im sure youd learn something about the real world trading FX. Your all talk and no show. Im going to change the name of my boat to FU Johny. Ive called more winning trades in my live chat than you can count. Ill probably get banned from FF for this post but some people need to get put in their place. I suggest everyone whos interested in this strategy gather all the data they can before it gets taken down.

Again Johny YOUR ALL TALK and nothing more. Blah blah blah blah blah, thats what you sound like. Go away johny. Im tired of being nice to people like you! f*ck off. Go f*ck yourself. You dont know sh*t! Your BS about I dont mean any harm is stupid and people can see right through it. If your such a pro then WTF are you doing here looking for profitable strategys? Ummmmmmm..................Uhhhhhhhhhhh...Ummmmmmmmm.... Duhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh.....................Screw off!

I know your going to post some sort of reply to this and try to make it all clever and what not but dont bother. No one wants to hear it. Just take dry and move on so people can learn in peace.

FJ

--- 帖子 #1250 ---
Now Now Girls

Handbags at dawn is one thing but you have taken this far to far and this is not in the spirit of this sight

--- 帖子 #1251 ---
Sorry I meant site

--- 帖子 #1252 ---
btw... you can edit your own posts to fix typos.

--- 帖子 #1253 ---
Forexjedi,

OK Bud. Cool down. I wish you well anyway.

Again you attack me instead of explaining anything. This tells me my analysis is correct. I have posted an analysis before and you did not attack my analysis then either but only attacked me. This tells me something about this system.

Trade well and prosper,

Johnny

--- 帖子 #1254 ---
Hi JohnnyBSmart

Wich is your "analysis" ?

thx

--- 帖子 #1255 ---
Sounds more like you analysed Forexjedi than his system.  Your arrogance is noted...if you dropped your pose only your ears would stay behind....No system is perfect and maybe...just maybe it will develop to get rid of the bad trades....No Thanks to you smartiepants....

Geez there are really some A*holes on these forex forums...

--- 帖子 #1256 ---
Can anyone help me how to set up EA " Richboy 72 " ?

I want to only trade 2 fixed mini lots, And take profit on 1 lot at 20 pips, then let the 2nd lot run until the 2 to 1 risk to profit ratio target is reached. also using a trailing stop of 50 pips as outlined in the vforce rules.

Everytime  I try to sort this out, after the 20 pip tp is hit everything goes to micro lots which my account doesn't use.

Many thanks to Richboy, ForexJedi, and RoB Dee for all their great works!

JoelD

--- 帖子 #1257 ---
Has this thread gone kaput because of posts by Johnny B Smart?

--- 帖子 #1258 ---
Johnny made a post some hours ago with some points. Are these valid points? This is all that should be discussed. Is the man right, or is he wrong? Personalities and hurt feelings should not enter into the picture at all. Only facts.

--- 帖子 #1259 ---
Helo everyone except Jhony...

Firts of all,

Great idea and strategy (very well)

I usualy use scalp strategy but if i see the chance i will play with small size for begining...

I think this is gona be a profitable strategy...

Sory for my bad english

Petar

--- 帖子 #1260 ---
Lorenzo,

Try your own analysis and post the results. This should be interesting.

Trade well and prosper,

Johnny

--- 帖子 #1261 ---
Hello everyone, who reads this.

My second post ever in FF. I have traded for years.

First I want to say I have found lots of interesting information from FF but rarely read these pages anymore. I do not follow any system that i have found anywhere from any books, fellow traders, internet or anything.

Just wanted to introduce myself a lil before saying anything else.

I have never tried this method and am not defending this method.

Now there are things about Johnny why i write this. See, i dont even try to analyse your funny charts, i analyse you instead...because it gives me more challenge and seems to be more amusing.

I checked your history in FF quickly and noticed that you started your trading career and studying in april this year, right?

To me it seems like it, because you were studying most basic things about Forex markets and indicators, price actions etc.

You obviously think you know Forex market and movements there, and since you were saying about going long after candle breaking BB upper band, its a bad trade and for some other reasons whatever you had? Thihi..

Are you like a messenger who wants to save all these people from losing their money with this method?

I'm sorry, but everyone has to learn it the hard way...EVERYONE.

So quit trying?

I agree, i would not trade with this method, would i trade with ANY method in internet? No. Do i have to go tell people they are wrong and their system wont work and is stupidly coded or designed? I bet at this point you know my answer.

I smell frustration behind all the bragging about how you "know" markets and give good analysis. People, be careful with these kind of wannabe traders who really do not know what they DONT KNOW YET.

NO good trader, i mean good trader...or even normal person start to attack other's methods like this. You obviously got frustrated after noticing this method did not save your days as a trader afterall?

Do not worry, keep searching...it all will come out clear to you..maybe.

"You're no newbie but there is no Keltner Channel here but who knows it might be better than the BB. You're missing the most important, look again."

Arrogance, more than anything.

1. I dont think you have ANY kind of sense yet what is a bad system and what is not. I have my personal reasons.

2. You are nowhere near being profitable trader yourself, i can smell it easilly. Ask me am i?

3. You have learned some indicators and can draw trendlines, seems nice doesnt it?

4. Now i ask you a guestion:

How many times did you go all the way to the end and then all the way back to the basics, just to realize that all of the things you have been reading and learning, really took you nowhere in trading? I think it is the very first step. If you are still doing your first step.....how on earth can you give such analysis about a system like this? After few years, someone could start considering about TEACHING your kind of analyser how to trade as a profession.

5. Now analyse my method or whatever you want to call it.

I have a clear chart with price. Yeah might use some indicators, but i still dont trade with them. How bad can that be?

And no i do not trade candle patters or support/resistance levels.

When the money flows, it flows.

6. Give me a good answer to this please:

Can you make profit by drawing totally random horizontal line somewhere in chart and trade when price penetrates it? I mean with profit, constantly profitable trading with annual returns with it?

After you answer that question correctly and prove it to yourself, come back please to this ForexFactory forum and start analysing these methods better afterwards.

Until then, i think you should not analyse anything except your own mistakes.

Dont ask me to prove a thing about myself, i did not come to prove myself  I came because i was amused, nothing else. May this be the first and last nonsense i ever write to these forums.

-Nobody-

PS: If you need help with analysing your charts instead of trying to prove other new to forex (such as yourself), start acting like it and i might point you to a direction what to look for.

--- 帖子 #1262 ---
Pallukka,

Your killing me. Sorry I'm no newbie. I've traded stocks for over 30 years. The charts and all the indicators such as trendlines are the same. A chart is a chart period. I'm, relatively speaking, new to the currency markets as I jumped out of the stock market in 2007 and in May 2008 was on the forex. The forex factory didn't interest me as I was running two of my own companies and did not have the time.

My buys and sells were on the daily timespan as that takes little time to do. I'm from the old school of trading which included fundamentals and chart analysis. I never believed in the buy and hold method as more money could be made buying and selling. I didn't get killed in the market crash and neither did my friends thanks to me.

I trade from lines of resistance and support as well as drawing my own trendlines. I use stochastics and linear regression channels and always know each timespans trend and probable reversal point. I determine price direction and pips to be made before I enter the trade. I know the time of day to trade and why the markets will reverse. I watch all of the markets carefully and have for decades.

Since I did not trade the lower time spans on the forex markets in the past I went looking for a method. I was lucky and found a good teacher. I have read hundreds of books in twenty years and looked at numerous systems but trading different time spans was foreign to me. When I don't know something I study it until I know as much as the teacher.

If I use an indicator on my charts, it means I already studied the mathematical formulas and know how it works. I have written my own and have changed many others.

I started writing EA's in early September, 2008. I was laid up from a back injury and I was bored. My first attempt made $263K the first week on a demo. Was I satisfied with this? No, it wouldn't work on all charts which didn't make any sense. Eight weeks later it started losing $250K a week and I went back to the drawing board. I don't work for anybody but myself so I took a few more months off and put in 16 hours a day and 7 days a week. The result was very impressive but something was missing. The trend recognition code was wrong and I knew it.

The reverse trend trades were not very impressive and the only way to keep from losing was to put a trailing stop on reverse trades and lower the number of contracts. By that time I needed a break and took a vacation with my wife to England with a few new books to read on the plane. There wasn't anything earth shattering in these books that I hadn't already read before except one little sentence that had to do with reversals. I had another piece of the puzzle but I promised my wife I would not do anything but relax on vacation and I didn't even take a computer with me. I got out of all the live trades I was in before we left.

When I got home over two weeks later I got on my computer and started changing the EA. The end result was beyond belief but I saved the program and went to bed after being up 30 hours straight. Developing the EA and putting in the long days was an education in itself. I must admit it was the most difficult thing I ever tried to do. The result of analyzing this EA actually led to another with better results and now has led to another which is being written in MT4 code with the help of a few of my friends. So when I say I have written 100's of EA's I'm not lying I've put in over 3000 hours. I'm relentless as my family calls it, I just call it focusing.

You can analyze me all you want but I'm not trying to hide anything from anybody. If your making money on this system then I'm happy for you and all the other people. I know full well how hard it is to design a profitable system with little drawdown and still have a high profit factor.

I had to learn to write computer code before I could even start. My youngest son is a computer whiz and minored in Computer Science. He graduated this spring along with his older brother who earned his Masters. I was on the phone to them every night asking questions until I got it right.

When I told them the results they both thought I had lost my mind until the youngest came home with his roommate who is a computer science major. They saw the program analysis and then looked at the charts and finally the code. They fell off their chairs and wanted me to hire them after college. I'm teaching them the forex now and I'm a very demanding teacher. I didn't hire them as I don't believe in that sort of thing and as my oldest worked under contract for me for two years until she learned and now has her own successful company. They will become partners so to speak with their own company.

They thought college was hard until they realized my work ethic, ability to focus and learn is beyond their comprehension. Together we will get this EA rolling if they have the fortitude. If you want something bad enough and you have the right attitude nothing will get in your way of success.

I still trade everyday and am constantly learning new ways to make money. My wife calls it an obsession but she knows me very well and what I can accomplish as I held down two jobs and still went to school at night and weekends when we were first married.

So now you know who I am, so quit trying to analyze me as I'm too complicated for anyone to figure me out. You are not the person I'm protecting here, you trade with randomly placed horizontal lines that you can't define. I must admit that sounds crazy but if it works for you then go for it. The only horizontal lines on my charts are support and resistance lines and Fibonacci.

My only objection with this system is the first post. Explain that this is work in progress and certainly no Holy Grail. Explain that it produces bad trades and that the user should have enough education to recognize both the good and the bad trades. Finally know this, that if you cannot read the charts that I posted then prepare yourself for your eventual financial loss. Those charts are not difficult and a lot was deleted for clarity.

Don't blame the originator or the programer of this system as anybody trading with real money has the responsibility to himself and his/her family to get educated first. Enough said.

I will trade my way and you are welcome to draw randomly placed horizontal lines on your charts anywhere you like if that works for you, just don't think I'm going to be able to explain why you do this and be able to make a profit doing it myself. Does that system come with a crystal ball or a magic wand?  This must be that "Amazing Stategy" thingie posted on a tread with the same name. It's not that big a secret Dude and it doesn't take any brains. Telling somebody to buy when he should sell and sell when he should buy is not something I suggest anybody get into the habit of doing. But now that I think about it that may be the stategy used here.

Trade well and prosper and please post how you trade this thingie and make money, I may have missed something somewhere. Nobody has posted a chart for me to look at and get a good understanding. What are you afraid of anyway. I don't bite.

Hey Lorenzo where's your chart or do you use the random line system as well? Man how could I have missed such an obviously good strategy and I was even pretty good at pick-up sticks as a kid. Darn

Johnny

Originally posted by Pallukka,

6. Give me a good answer to this please:

Can you make profit by drawing totally random horizontal line somewhere in chart and trade when price penetrates it? I mean with profit, constantly profitable trading with annual returns with it?

--- 帖子 #1263 ---
Jhony and pallukka please stop with stupid disccusion ...

Name of this theard is VForce and post the examples,when you took the trade and something like that ...

Please stop with this crap....

Petar

--- 帖子 #1264 ---
Petar Serbia,

Show your chart please and explain your trades. We need to show Pallukka there's a better way then the random horizontal lines thingie with the magic wand before he goes over the edge. Please hurry before it's too late.

Trade well and prosper,

Johnny

--- 帖子 #1265 ---
Paradoxical,

We have found an intelligent trader, maybe.  You hit the nail on the head.  What's so hard about the questions. I will post some more questions maybe then they can find one they can answer.

Trade well and prosper,

Johnny

--- 帖子 #1266 ---
Newbie,

If you're planning on putting lots of money  into a system I hope you educated yourself first. If you don't know the answers below you're doomed before you start.

1. How do you determine and trade the trend?
2. How do you determine Support and Resistance?
3. How do keep you're wife from knowing what you're up too?
4. How long do you test your system before trading live if your wife doesn't kill you first?
5. Does your Doctor know of your impending mental breakdown?
6. Would you jump out of a plane without a parachute?
7. Do you answer the front door before looking though the peep whole for the men in white coats carrying a straight jacket?
8. Do you think you can fly if you jumped off a high building?
9. Do you read Superman comics too much and dream of wearing tights?
10. At what time of day do the major reversal times occur?
11. At what time of day do the minor reversal times occur?
12. At what time of day do the mini reversal times occur?
13. Who's really controlling the market?
14. What has an effect on currency value such as the Aud?
15. What is the carry trade?
16. Do you leave your trades open over the weekend?
17. Does the moon have any effect on the markets?
18. What is the spread?
19. Have you had a lot of success trading the currency markets in the past?
20. Have you ever been considered a loser by friends and family?
21. Will you go on vacation 1000 miles away without a spare tire?
22. Are you suicidal?
23. Do you have a good day job paying a good income.
24. If you lost all of your savings trading how would this effect you financially?
25. Do you buy more than one lottery ticket per week?
26. Does numbers confuse you?
27. Are you right or left brained?
28. Do you understand big words like bankruptcy?
29. Can you do your own income taxes or is this too complicated a task for you even to consider?
30. Do you rush to use somebody's posted "Holy Grail" system in live trading before testing it first?
31. Do you think Fibonacci is a famous Italian Painter or a board game of the 50's or both?
32. Where does 75% of the trading occur on the currency markets.?
33. What causes the numerous reversals in a 24 hour period.
34. Who determines the US interest rate and how often?
35. What currency determines the price of oil in Japan?
36. Does Russia have a currency market?
37. What effect if any does the USA's increase in national debt have on the US dollar?
38. Which currency pair is the most traded currency?
39. What are futures and do they have any effect on the currency markets?
40. Do rising and falling commodity prices have any effect on the currency markets?

If you cannot answer all 40 questions correctly then do the following:

1. Rid your home of all lethal weapons.
2. Update your will.
3. Say good-bye to your family and friends.
4. Practice getting use to loneliness and being poor.
5. Read a book on how to live off the land.
6. Prepay your funeral expenses.
7. Seek professional help for all aspects of your life.
8. Get religion and pray a lot because you're going to need it.
9. Use the Pallukka random lines with magic wand method.

Trade well and prosper,

Johnny

--- 帖子 #1267 ---
... hmm., ok, w/o bs - on the topic - what was that about BB and by "tops and bottoms" you mean what exactly?

thank you

--- 帖子 #1268 ---
Yahoomt4,

Thanks it vividly shows the results, which are not so good. Everybody should take a gander at this. A 1.84 or a 1.90 Profit Factor is not good nor is a 54.3% and 52.7% loss of gross profits. The risk/reward is bad news.

Johnny

--- 帖子 #1269 ---
fxxx,

I see you've been a member since 2007. I don't mind answering questions but you're kidding right?? These might be valid questions if you just got off the boat and just set foot in the land of Forex. What have you been doing for two years? Google it and read about.

Educate first, trade last,

Johnny

--- 帖子 #1270 ---
so can't answer (w/o b.s) - what You ment by bb tops and bottoms (in Your statement) ?

--- 帖子 #1271 ---
fxxx,

Sorry, I was very busy and thought you were heckling me. I will explain it to you.

Please see the chart below which is a blown up version of the one on Post #1251.

The white horizontal lines are the Bollinger Bands set at 24. The middle line is a 24 moving average. The top line or upper band is two standard deviations from the middle line. The bottom line or lower band is two standard deviations below the middle line. Consider these as lines of resistance and support.

Looking at the chart from left to right please notice the green and red vertical dashed lines. There are depicting the buy long(green) and the sell short(red) confirmations by the v-Force program.

1. Look at the buy point of 1.4253 which is above the upper bols resistance line. Why did the program wait so long to buy?

2. Now look at the sell short at 1.4250. What's the system waiting for? There was profit and it should have been taken when the price first started reversing. Now there's a loss.

3. The succeeding vertical lines show the same thing again and again all adding up to buying late and selling late meaning profit losses. I can understand why the profit factor is a low 1.9 and the losses in dollars are 52-54% of gross profit.

4. Did you notice the indicators? If you didn't, look and learn. I'm not advocating these indicators especially the crosses but it was two indicators that the instructions said were used in the system. You can view more of them on post #1251.

A trading system should increase profit not lower it. If you cannot trade any better than this system I suggest taking a course or reading a book or both. There are volumes of information on the internet for free.

I hope this helps you fxxx.

Trade well and prosper,

Johnny

--- 帖子 #1272 ---
Wow! This place is so quiet nowadays.

Anyway, robdee.

Can you also provide the interface to the retrace signals?

They have already been provided in your indicator (which is Light Blue & Yellow Price Labels).

I thought if I am going to write an EA, those signals are the most useful (after all the reverse and counter-reverses). Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1273 ---
Hi everyone.

I read this exciting topic from the begining and I've few maybe stupid questions to Forexjedi or RobDee- hope You will answer.

1.After month of testing do you trade other pair than EUR/USD or other TF than 15min?

2.Do you really quite trade when four candles after singnal bar did not reach the price?

3.Do you still use stop loss 10 pips below/above signal bars?

hope you will answer

--- 帖子 #1274 ---
Geeezz, -- guy is an id1%t

i see, there is no conversation possible until he finish treating his head injury

must agree with everybody - st#pid and stubborn DKhed

learn and trade forex, and develop communication abilities, pecker

hope this helps you.

--- 帖子 #1275 ---
fxxx,

Sorry to see you have trouble learning new things. I reviewed your prior posts on other threads and noticed the same arrogance that's why I realised even after two years your still acting like a spoiled newbie. Your lack of understanding is no excuse for your post and your obnoxious behavior. The answers to your questions were obvious but you would rather not look at the facts.

I reluctantlyt took the time to answer your ridiculous question even after my belief that you were just heckling. If you really don't know how to read a chart, know the definition of a top from a bottom or know what a Bollinger Band is after two years on the forex then your the one that needs mental attention. Calling me names just shows your ignorance.

Just continue trading YOUR way or try the random horizontal line system with the magic wand.

Why don't you try posting a chart and explain your trading method with this system. Attacking me proves nothing and only strenghtens my position that this system needs a lot of improvement before a newbie uses it and loses his shirt believing the first post on this thread.

Ignorance can be corrected by education but stupidity is forever. Your posts are your report card.

Johnny

--- 帖子 #1276 ---
All Readers,

I knew I saw "fxxx" post before and I must admit I must re-think things about trying to make every person a smart trader as the following post on "Amazing Strategy Joke" clearly shows it is quite impossible. I'm sorry I wasn't there earlier fxxx to save you from yourself but I was probably trying to teach another lost in space soul that needed direction. Even after 99 posts you ask the question below. Even after post #372 you still believe in the impossible. Here I was thinking I could teach you about chart tops and bottoms and the Bollinger Bands. What was I thinking. Sorry about that I won't try that again.

Here I'm posting your most intelligent posts that we all love to re-read again and again. You really have a knack for making people laugh it just comes so naturally for you. It is obvious you have had trouble before as the posts below shows other people have tried teaching you before. Just remember fxxx the posts and words are not mine. There all yours and your previous teachers.

FOR A REAL GOOD LAUGH PLEASE READ THIS OLD THINGIE!!

IT WAS A JOKE BUT SOME DIDN'T GET IT. Please don't tell fxxx as it might spoil his day. Please don't discuss Sainty Claus or the Easter Bunny either.

========================================================

The Sunday Funny Paper isn't very funny anymore but this is a riot.

AMAZING Strategy!!! (Joke)
by Merlin Posted June 27, 2004
>EuroRiddle v1.0 (99.9% accuracy):

>your "day" ends at 4:59EST and starts at 5pm EST

>each day at 5pm EST you start watching the chart. it may take hours and hours of watching the chart, but keep watching until the high or low for the day has been hit.

> as soon as the daily high or low has been hit on the 60 minute charts, switch to your 1 minute charts. if the daily high or low has also been hit on the 1 minute chart, the signal is confirmed.

>> after the signal is confirmed enter the trade immediately. if it is the high for the day that has been hit, go short. if it is the daily low that has been hit, go long.

=====================================================

Originally Posted #276 by ak4x http://www.forexfactory.com/images/buttons/viewpost.gif (It is A Joke, See fxxx #277 LOL)
Attention! Traders of Earth! Got this by PM... I'm just the messenger, don't shoot me.
Traders of Earth!!
It has come to the attention of the High Council of Planet XG41KG that the AMAZING STRATEGY!!! has been discovered and is in use on Planet Earth.
You Must stop using THE AMAZING STRATEGY!!! !! No further Warning will be issued.

=====================================================

Original post #57 by Verto

It is a joke. This isn't a real system people... You never know when the 'high of the day' or the 'low of the day' will happen until it is beyond the point of no return. Duh...

=====================================================

Original post #294 by FourKids

If a new trader is looking at this thread and thinks it is kosher, well what can I say. They should move on to something else.You dont have to be related to Einstein to work out what is going on here. Even a beginner should have it worked out by about page 1 or 2. Definitely by page 4 or 5.

=====================================================

Original Post #361 by opie999 http://www.forexfactory.com/images/buttons/viewpost.gif
Everything one needs to know is revealed in the first two pages of the thread. Read them carefully and then read them again. Read them a third and fourth time if you must. It's all there.

=====================================================

Now may we present fxxx and his now historic comments:

Original post #100 by fxxx
can you post indicators and templete you used on the chart? what the best settings 4 different timeframes and currencies?
=====================================================
Original post #173 by fxxx
does your system works on other TFs than original rules (post1) - H1 TF
(what is your settings, TP/Sl, reentry, multiple lots...
can you post your indicator you showd on your chart (with arrows)?
does it repaint?
=====================================================
Original post #197 by fxxx
can anybody make alert and ea 4 this system?
does anyone knows smart programmer who can program indicator and alert 4 this great system?
=====================================================
Original post #202 by fxxx
many people posting only statements and only pictures with indicators which wasn't publicly released
though it's against forum rules - but i can understand - if one post .ex4 file - it will be decompiled and sold on e-bay
=====================================================

Originally Posted #276 by ak4x http://www.forexfactory.com/images/buttons/viewpost.gif (It is A Joke, See fxxx #277 LOL)
Attention! Traders of Earth! Got this by PM... I'm just the messenger, don't shoot me.
Traders of Earth!!
It has come to the attention of the High Council of Planet XG41KG that the AMAZING STRATEGY!!! has been discovered and is in use on Planet Earth.
You Must stop using THE AMAZING STRATEGY!!! !! No further Warning will be issued.

=====================================================
Original post #277 by fxxx
i read the thread very carefully and i don't believe such statement is true - can you prove it? do you have newspaper or other materials on which you can base such allegations - or can you provide other evidence of damage done or caused by THE AMAZING STRATEGY!!!
if not (all studies shows very opposite result) - it would sound only like a joke and not a real threat

=====================================================
Original post #363 by fxxx
so what? it's like Bible - everybody can read, nobody - understand, read no mater how many times : ((((((
p.s. some .pdf or .documentation necessary :

=====================================================

and now one last gasp attempt by one of the teachers:

Original post #372 by opie999

NO, it's not the Bible!! NO, most do understand, even after reading only one time! NO documentation is necessary! It's all clear and unambiguously described in the first two pages if you only bother to READ and, more importantly, THINK!!!!

=====================================================

Remember fxxx,

"Tis better to be silent and be thought a fool, than to speak and remove all doubt." Lincoln

At least you've found this system fxxx where maybe even you can make a few pips.

Johnny LOL

--- 帖子 #1277 ---
Good comeback.  What is amazıng here ıs no one ıs defendıng thı9s system only offering insults.

--- 帖子 #1278 ---
i have attach this indicator vforce on my chart but i cant see any red or green candles.is it because market is close?

does it just works live?

cant i see past performanance to save time?

--- 帖子 #1279 ---
No, i trade manualy every day ...

Alihuzaifa , try to redownload indicators and put in your meta dir then go to templates click for example on White version and then switch to black version...

And i forgot , i use daily high and daily low always and then i know where is the price  and candeclock to know how much time left for close candle...

Good piping,

Here it is

--- 帖子 #1280 ---
i have kept  the template in proper folder but it does not show any red or green candle it just shows blue candles

--- 帖子 #1281 ---
Hi Richboy

thanks for sharing the EA. Can you please point me to the page where the latest version is.

thanks

tasse

--- 帖子 #1282 ---
No more fun? It was good while it lasted. OK FRAUDY.

--- 帖子 #1283 ---
LOL : ))))))))))))))))

see, JohnyBSmart, in this thread i made jokes about you and alike; not amazing, you can't get it : )))))

--- 帖子 #1284 ---
Hi forexjedi,

I just discover your two last systems that i am starting to analyzing.

Between the 15 min. "v Force" The Revolution and the "The Force 5min system" :

which one would you consider the most reliable or the higher win/loss signals.

Regards

Pierre

--- 帖子 #1285 ---
Hi,

I've been using vForce as a supplimentary indicator on 5 and 15 min charts to help me with my entries. Very good work in my opinion. I personally prefer to retain some discretion, so I'm not using any EA.

From observing the behavior of the indicator, I'd like to suggest two alternative usages (and this in no way implies criticism of or comment on the standard usage): Instead of using the rigid take profits prescribed by the system, if the market has momentum I sometimes use the next opposite signal to take profit (exit a long position on a red candle, a short position on a blue candle); this can also occasionally serve as a soft stop loss. Especially on short time frames I find that the signal often comes a bit late for my liking, when short-term support/resistance is close or has been broken. If I see a strongly trending market, I like to look at vForce signals to indicate potential reversals after a retracement; i.e. if in a strong bear market I get a bullish blue candle, I might sell short below that candle instead of taking it as a buy signal. I would do that even if no bearish red candle appears.

Because I like to trade short time frames in the direction of longer time frame trends (usually 4 hr trend direction and 15 min entry/exit) I used to ignore signals in the "wrong" direction. Using them as a heads-up for impending reversals gives me more bang for the buck. Just my two pips worth...

Good trading everybody!

jesper

--- 帖子 #1286 ---
Hello forexjedi and robdee and all others.

At first, thank you for your excellent system and thread. I just wonder why should the use of vForce be limited only to M15 EURUSD? Visually, it seems to me that this system could work anywhere...

If the vForce indicator uses 8 other indicators then, in fact, those 8 have to work on every pair. It is logical because we all use the same indicators for our everyday trading regardless on what pair we trade.

I understand that maybe there are some period settings for some indicators that suit best for M15 but it should not be very difficult to adjust those for higher timeframes too? H1 and especially Daily would be wonderful.

Can anybody do this? Robdee, what do you as a guru think

Regards,

Indrek

--- 帖子 #1287 ---
Hi forexjedi and robdee,
Thanks a lot for your help. I definitely struggle to find optimal trading strategy or system.

It is generally not difficult to find entries as it is exits. I like having a SL and TP at certain pip level. For example on M15 EUR/USD I would have 30 pip SL and 50 pip TP. I do not mind taking a loss but I have bens toped out to often and do not think to have it right. Maybe I should move my stop afte some gain? Than I have feeling that I will take big loss and small gains which is not good as well.
Is there any better way you have for vForce or you can recommend?

As I am an engineer I like this calculated systems and I have to have fixed rules.
I like the way you put the indicators in nice simple format. I do not have enough experience to do that so thanks again.

best regards.
sasa

--- 帖子 #1288 ---
Hi all,
Is there any pattern of pre news calm market action. I see today there is a level where EUR/USD is floating. Is tree a rule that VForce or Force5 is not used in pre news market?
Sasa

--- 帖子 #1289 ---
Hi All,

I'm just starting to use Vforce on 15min charts and noticed something strange. When you look at the attached candle you will see the 2nd last one is colored green, the color only used as confirmation candle above 10 pips.

Would anybody be so kind to explain why this candle is painted ? It should be preceded but a buy or sell candle, no ?

Thank you,

Peter

--- 帖子 #1290 ---
what happen to this thread guys??

Sonic

--- 帖子 #1291 ---
Hi 180degrees,

Nothing should surprise you about this system and if it does then G_D help you. This is one of the craziest systems I've seen anywhere and if you want to make money I would hit delete really fast.

Ignorance can be corrected through learning but stupidity is forever.

Learn first then trade,

Johnny

--- 帖子 #1292 ---
Sonicdeejay,

What happened to this thread you ask? It is quite simple really. When the newbies ran out of money using this system they just can't play the game anymore. Sorry but that's the rules.

I tried to save a few but they would not listen. Oh well I hope they still have their day job. Will the last one left turn off the lights please.

Johnny

--- 帖子 #1293 ---
Hi , could you please put vForce indi in mql file, because in ex. i can't open it

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1294 ---
try it on demo first (not on real), if you don't like it - don't use it

Johnny BSmart still can't get it

but he conducts test to prove - it's not completely foolproof

well, JohnnyBSmart, may be some day you will..

--- 帖子 #1295 ---
Just want to thank the two of you guys. Im a college student just graduated with a finance degree for a year now and cant get a job so i turned to the forex industry. Im new but did some classes on forex. I installed your program and plan to go live with it soon. Hope it works out i want to make a donation to you guys if it works out. You guys gave me hope. I have a question out of all these brokers im seeing who should i pick? I hear retail and market makers are bad and i should get a ecn broker and what is this 5 min indicator you made? Can i get a link to it. Thanks again jedi and r. U guys are a blessing.

--- 帖子 #1296 ---
kmoney,

I'd hold the thanks if I were you as you will not make money with this system. If you truly believe that this is you way to make a living then I suggest you see a Doctor.

Use your college degree to count what money you have now as it will be gone shortly. If you're smart enough to get a college degree then your smart enough to learn the forex. Quit this screwing around with this piece of crap. You'd be better off flipping a coin to pick your buys and sells.

Try learning about Support and Resistance, Linear Regression Channels, Bollinger Bands, How to read the charts, Chart Patterns and Drawing Trend lines. Then try Money Management, trading at the best times and how the fundamentals affect the market. If you do not know any of these things then you are doomed before you start. Understand that most of the people on FF and this thread in particular are clueless. Do not make the mistake and judge their knowledge by the length of time they have been here. Knowledge is gained through hard work and not just attendance as you very well know.

This system is a conglomerate of indicators used the wrong way which if you knew anything at all about the forex is just plain bad news. All indicators are late because there calculations use the price history for calculation. Throwing a bunch of indicators into one pot and expecting positive results is just plain nuts. I have tested this system and it is worse than worthless. Systems like this draws in newbies that end up losing their savings because they cannot tell the difference between the good, the bad or the ugly.

Your degree in finance will do you little good here but your ability to learn is your saving grace. I suggest you keep learning and don’t jump without a better understanding of what you are getting yourself into trading the Forex.

The forex markets can kill your bank account faster then anything I know. This is a cold dangerous game you are playing and you’ve come unarmed. The professionals play this game with all the weapons known to man. 95% of traders lose their ass so what makes you think you are so special? If you choose to continue down this road and disregard this warning to go with a live account than I thank you in advance for your contribution.

There are no short cuts from rags to riches here. You can make money but you must pay your dues first. If you’re looking for something quick and easy then try a Casino or buy a lottery ticket. Neither have good odds but your approach to the forex is no better and will have similar results.

Ignorance can be corrected through education but stupidity is forever. Ask yourself this, as far as the trading the Forex market, what category are you going to choose? Did college not teach you anything or were you just there for the parties? THINK BEFORE YOU ACT!

Johnny

--- 帖子 #1297 ---
i hear you i hear you and your right in a lot of ways. and i am not just jumping into this. i have spent the 5 weeks in a forex class, downloading and watch hours and hours of forex strategy and key fundamentals. i understand everything your saying i just feel that having a extra indicator such as this program would be used as another convergence for me and not something i would use blindly to jump into a trade but you are very right. let me ask you what brokers would you recomend? i have tried so many platforms but i dont know which broker to go with.

--- 帖子 #1298 ---
Hi everyone.

I am a new member and the reason I joined ForexFactory is to learn more about forex and improve on my trading skills.  I discovered forex  18 months ago and  tried to learn  from several sources.

This is the only forum I joined and I am hoping to learn from some of the skillfull individuals here.  I know I will learn to be a better trader in this forum because there are several talented souls that contribute from one way to another, and  those whom I envy the most, the programmers whose skills and  speed in putting together an EA  amaze me, and I wish I can do the same, so I can create my own systems, and finally those who are not afraid to speak up their mind.

JohnnyBsmart's comments make sense to me as far as looking at the  facts which I love because being a project engineer and administator, I always look at the facts before I formulate the best way to tackle any challenges on a construction project and how to prevent those challenges in the future.

FXXX's defensive approach in my opinion are also valid because the system represent hope for some. They need hope which in turn will trigger the desir to learn more and expand on their knowledge of forex.

Either way, someone always learns.No energy goes to waste

My real goal in being here is to learn enough to be able to make a living out of  Forex. That might sound doubious to others and obvious to some but basically that what I want to do. I am  interested in knowing how to make money in Forex. GOOD MONEY.

Forexjedy I am gratefull for your system which will be downloaded, studied and tested .

Untill then Good piping everybody.

greenliquid

"your attitude determines your lattitude" Neal A. Maxwell

--- 帖子 #1299 ---
Johnny

Thanks for the reminder. I almost wiped out my account 2 months ago. I thought I knew enough to make a killing . Looking at the conglemerate of indicators and red and blue candles seemed easy enough to embark myself on this pip harvesting journey only to find out the hard way.

The pips were not growing as they were on a demo account, the loosing trades were pulling me down psychologically. It was a devastating experience. With real money, it is a different ball game.... It took me  a while to recoup.

I can see the light beyond.... That is why I know I can pull something out of this  place with the right knowledge.

Untill then... Happy pipping

greenliquid

"our attitude determines our lattitude" Neal A. Maxwell

--- 帖子 #1300 ---
Is this thread still active? I just downloaded vForce and was wondering what other traders have to say about it. I like the way it looks, easy to understand. KISS... ant feedback would be appreciated. Dennis...Orlando Fl

--- 帖子 #1301 ---
I've been looking at the VForce Indicator on longer TF's and seems to generate some pretty good signals, (with the usual risks of occasionally falling off a cliff at a swing high/swing low).

Has anyone some advice about that?

Many thanks to Forexjedi and everyone for the hard work and sharing, it is much appreciated.

I don't expect a perfect system...  every failures should take us closer to our goal. (Thanks to RR also in that regard for his work on the EA).  Remember Edison & the thousands of materals he tried before coming up with the special bamboo fiber (found near Kyoto) that actually produced the first stable incandescent light bulb?

Looks like it needs a trend change filter added...Damiani?

That having been said, I'm not a big fan of "black box" systems, although they MAYBE safer for rank beginners who probably shouldn't be in Forex anyway.

Could someone kindly (re?)-summarize how the 8 indicators generate the trade signals?  Thanks

--- 帖子 #1302 ---
This thread looks dead, but I just want to say a big thank you to forexjedi for so generously sharing his work.

Although I understand that it would not be wise to give any further details about the internals of this indicator, I would love to hear the process employed to end up with the certain rules and indicators.

"Give a man a fish and you feed him for a day. Teach a man to fish and you feed him for a lifetime."

--- 帖子 #1303 ---
Hi, I have been trying your system and I really find it amazing. I have a question do, can you set the system to generate alerts and email them?

Regards,

Erick

--- 帖子 #1304 ---
this looks like a great system have being following f5. 5 win 1 lose this week =)

--- 帖子 #1305 ---
Hi,

Does anyone have the .mq4 indicator for this system and not just the .exe file?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1306 ---
Hi friends

I'm new to this forum, mt4 and its indicator.

let me know vforce will work for EU only.

What to do to use for cfd_metals like gold, silver lead, nickel, zinc etc

--- 帖子 #1307 ---
Dear Robdee,

I am new to forex trading.One of my friend introduced me to VFORCE ALERTS.HE FIXED IT IN ONE OF MT4 DEMO PLATFORM,AND IT IS WORKING PERFECTLY.AND WHEN I THAT MT4 PLATFORM IT SHOWED VFORCE ALERTS WHITE TEMPLATE AND IT SIZE IS 25KB.WHEREAS THE TEMPLATE YOU GIVE IS ONLY 1KB IN SIZE.I WANT TO KNOW HOW TO FIX YOUR SYSTEM IN ANY MT4 PLATFORM.

PLEASE HELP.

--- 帖子 #1308 ---
please and thank ou work well for a start!!!

--- 帖子 #1309 ---
Good indicator. May be was update or extension of the thread?

--- 帖子 #1310 ---
Thank's FJ, Really good indi we have here, trading LIVE almost 2 weeks now, seems really good addition to my system

Cheers!


===== 附件下载链接 =====

vForcedocument.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/212521?d=1236051343
vForce.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/212522?d=1236051470
vForce.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/212582?d=1236063559
vForceAlerts.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/212713?d=1236081135
###Auto Pivot.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/212862?d=1236103224
###Auto Pivot.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/212863?d=1236103214
Daily_High_Low .ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/212864?d=1236103224
daily_open_line.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/212866?d=1236103249
Daily_High_Low .mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/212867?d=1236103266
daily_open_line.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/212868?d=1236103266
#MTF_Support and Resistance (Barry).mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/213059?d=1236130736
vForceReport.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/213366?d=1236172666
vForceAlerts_white.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/214043?d=1236269509
vForceAlerts.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/214044?d=1236269509
PivotCustom_4TimeFrames.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/214384?d=1236321822
Trendline high.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/214389?d=1236322085
Trendline low.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/214390?d=1236322085
Murrey_Math_Line_X_eng.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/214458?d=1236328723
Trading-in-the-Zone.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/214824?d=1236392365
vForceAlerts.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/216050?d=1236664763
vForceAlerts_black.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/216051?d=1236664880
vForceAlerts_white.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/216052?d=1236664880
Default.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/216053?d=1236664934
vForceEdge_white.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/219963?d=1237335278
vForceEdge_black.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/219964?d=1237335278
vForceEdge.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/219966?d=1237335320
vforceedge_white(5 digits).tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/220891?d=1237464689
vForceEdge_StrategyTest.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/221707?d=1237616056
vForceEdge_EURUSD_2009.03.03.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/222296?d=1237796095
vForceEdge_white.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/223375?d=1237955053
vForceEdge_black.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/223376?d=1237955053
vForceEdge.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/223398?d=1237959564
vForceEdge_white.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/227483?d=1238635945
vForceEdge_black.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/227484?d=1238635945
vForceEdge.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/227486?d=1238635985
vForceSim.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/228309?d=1238750270
MT4-BackTest.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/228310?d=1238750270
terminal.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/228320?d=1238751150
VFE_SignalsOnlyTrades.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/228623?d=1238809252
VFE_SignalsOnlyTrades.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/228624?d=1238809252
VFE_SignalTimesTrades.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/229231?d=1239003645
vForceAlerts_white.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/230194?d=1239133904
vForceAlerts_black.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/230195?d=1239133904
vForceAlerts.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/230196?d=1239133925
b-clock modified.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/230612?d=1239198130
EURUSDhistory.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/231057?d=1239271265
vForceEdge.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/232787?d=1239723464
vForceEdge_black.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/232788?d=1239723464
VFE_SignalsOnlyTrades.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/234175?d=1239922172
vForceEdge.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/234176?d=1239922186
ForexMarketsTiming.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/234678?d=1239996151
KeyTimes.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/234703?d=1240004340
Group.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/235091?d=1240176983
VFESignalsOnly_white.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/237022?d=1240463598
VFESignalsOnly_black.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/237023?d=1240463598
EURUSD15mtest.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/237309?d=1240499426
RichBoy1972vForce.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/239148?d=1240873086
StrategyTester.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/239171?d=1240877360
RichBoy1972vForce.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/242077?d=1241474351
MAMA_v1.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/242372?d=1241530714
result.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/242513?d=1241550091
RichBoy1972vForce.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/243854?d=1241768038
richboy ea.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/245947?d=1242200906
DetailedStatement.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/246097?d=1242213438
TriggerLines.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/247884?d=1242591650
RichBoy1972vForce.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/248069?d=1242632787
BB_MACD_MT4_v6.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/248476?d=1242717201
TRIX.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/248477?d=1242717210
RichBoy1972vForce.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/249761?d=1242911447
Tester.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/250530?d=1243149122
RichBoy1972vForce.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/251032?d=1243276382
RichBoy1972vForce.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/251510?d=1243351421
vforce4-6-6-09.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/256670?d=1244317566
Daily_High_Low .mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/259679?d=1244986712
b-clock_modified.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/259680?d=1244986737
