===== 帖子内容 =====

--- 帖子 #1 ---
Hello traders and welcome to the wonderful world of Wolfe waves!

This thread is meant to be a place where newbies and/or experienced professionals can come together to share, learn, and encourage.

The rules are simple: Be respectful and professional. Anything less won't be tolerated.

Before we get started, I would like to acknowledge Bill Wolfe, the founder of Wolfe wave analysis. I am grateful to have stumbled upon his work. A quick overview can be found here:  Attached File(s)   Wolfe-Wave-book (1) (3).pdf

7.8 MB
|
25,253 downloads

If you're a struggling trader, frustrated and ready to give up, or just an all out system hopping, account blowing, psychotic indicator junkie, then this strategy just might be the perfect antidote for your trading endeavors. Or, if you are a seasoned professional, this strategy might simply be a nice addition to your trading tool box. In either case, Wolfe wave analysis provides a mechanically simplistic method to enter a trade in the so called "sweet zone". These trades have a high probability of success. In addition, the very nature of the Wolfe wave structure allows you to mitigate your risk through very well defined stop loss areas.

Just to clarify up front, I don't claim to be a Wolfe wave guru. Most of what I have learned has come from pouring over 1000's of charts for the past 6 months. There are a few free online resources, but other than regurgitating the basic wave structure along with a fleeting mention of the sweet zone, I haven't seen any real discussion as to how you locate the best price to enter into the trade. Do you enter at the trend line break, half way into the sweet zone, at the bottom of the sweet zone, or do you wait for a clear reversal with some sort of confirmation tool? This is the paramount question that we are trying to answer.

For ease of discussion the following acronyms will be used:

WW = WOLFE WAVE
CWW = CLASSIC WOLFE WAVE
HWW = HORIZONTAL WOLFE WAVE

I think it's best to fully delve into the CWW structure first before discussing the HWW.
I put this diagram together as a quick reference as to what constitutes a valid CWW.

Note: I use XABCD to describe the wave instead of the normal 12345. The reason being is that most traders are likely very familiar with the AB=CD concept and it is an important tool used here in determining the entry price for our trades.

HERE IS THE CLASSIC WOLFE WAVE STRUCTURE
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The Sweet Zone

In my opinion, the sweet zone is the most important part of the Wolfe Wave trading strategy. It baffles me that traders rarely discuss this topic. Understanding the parameters of the sweet zone is paramount to getting the best possible entry price. Sweet zones can be anywhere from 3 to 300 pips depending on the steepness of the wave and/or the time frame being traded. So the question is, where do I enter the trade? What criteria should I use? What tools should I use? And where should my stop loss be placed? I'm glad you asked. These questions and more will be discussed in detail as we progress forward in our study.

Let me make an analogy that I find pertinent to this discussion. Hopefully most traders here are familiar with Major League Baseball. In my opinion, trading in the sweet zone is very similar to a major league hitter when he gets into the batter's box. If you talk to a professional baseball player about hitting, they will tell you that their main objective is to hit the ball hard. It doesn't matter where the ball ends up or if they make an out, their goal is to hit the ball hard? How do you hit the ball hard. Well, you make sure you make contact on the "sweet" spot of the baseball bat. How do you do that?

Preparation and patience - Make sure your cleats are clean. Make sure your bat isn't cracked. Make sure your gloves are in good condition. Make sure you know as much about the opposing pitcher as possible in advance. What kind of pitches does he throw? What's his "go-to" pitch? What kind of release angle does he have? Side arm? Over the top? How has he pitched you in the past? What stage of the game are we in? Are there runners on base? Is he showing signs of exhaustion? Having considered all of those things, the hitter will try and "wait" for "his" pitch. By being prepared, patient and cognizant of all of the pertinent information around him, he is then in a good position to try and force the pitcher to throw a pitch that is right in his sweet zone. And when that happens, the odds will be stacked in his favor. You get the point I'm sure.

Do your due diligence and be patient. Let the price come into your sweet zone. Make sure your working area is prepared. Make sure your mind is prepared. Make sure you have mapped out all of your potential trades in advance. A hitter stepping into the batter's box is the same as a trader who is monitoring price action as it approaches the sweet zone. If he isn't prepared, he might not hit the ball very hard. In fact, he might even strike out. If we as traders aren't prepared we may miss the sweet zone or worse yet, strike out altogether.

If a hitter makes contact with the sweet spot on the bat and makes an out, he may be disappointed, but he knows that he has done his job. Maybe he smacked a one hop sizzler only to see the second baseman make a spectacular diving play. Or maybe he hit a line drive right on the sweet spot that went directly towards the left fielder for and easy out. It doesn't matter, he did his job, he hit the ball hard right on the sweet spot. He may be frustrated at that moment, but a true professional knows that eventually, the hits will come, the runs score, the production will increase.

In the same way, a trader's only objective is to "hit" the trade right on the sweet spot. Maybe the trade failed because of a surprise news event, or a low liquidity stop loss run. Maybe the trade failed for reasons we can't explain. So be it, we can analyze what may have gone wrong and add that knowledge to our mental toolbox for the next time we step into the batter's box. As long as we poured every bit of due diligence and discipline into entering that trade at the best possible price within the sweet zone, then we have done our job. We know that over time the winners will come, the pips will pile up, the accounts will grow.

EXIT STRATEGY

Every good entry needs a good exit. Below is my mechanical exit strategy ( I like to divide my positions up into 3 equal parts). I use the X, C, and A points as my reference points for exit. It is likely that there will be an increase in price action at these points just based on the nature of S/R. I would actually be setting my TP levels 5-20 pips below these three levels based on the time frame. I am generally very conservative with my TP's. I don't want to set my TP right at the level only to see price reverse significantly without banking some pips.

Note: When price reaches TP #1 just shy of level X, then the SL's for the two remaining positions are moved to BE.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

LIST OF INDICATORS
Attached File(s)   ADR_v2 (3).ex4

11 KB
|
6,400 downloads

Attached File(s)   TDI-RT-Clone.ex4

14 KB
|
8,031 downloads

Attached File(s)   TMS_Angleator_pureTDI (1).ex4

108 KB
|
6,570 downloads

Attached File(s)   NewsCal-v107.ex4

29 KB
|
5,980 downloads
|
Uploaded Mar 9, 2017 2:18pm

THE WOLFE WAVE INDICATOR SET

Below is the best set of Wolfe wave indicators ever produced (in my humble opinion). There are actually 3 with instructions for each. Member "Parviz1953" has worked extremely hard on developing, modifying, and improving this indicator. A big thank you to him for his generous gift to this thread. I will post the most recent version when a new modification is made.

1)version 8.5: Is a manual one, you click the button and select which depth and either complete or potential CWW is what you want.
Attached File(s)   parvizCWW v8.5.ex4

74 KB
|
5,467 downloads
|
Uploaded May 12, 2017 2:35pm

2)version 9.7.2: Is automated one, it looks for all possible combination and when it finds them draw a button for each so that you may select which one you are interested in, and it shows you its characteristics. In this version when the indicator find all the possible patterns, it stops and does look for them only once, if you want to see the latest ones press "Search Again" button (indicator does not repaint) New feature: FIB projection values. This feature is useful when for example in potential CWW you want to know how much more CD has projected beyond AB=CD
Attached File(s)   parvizCWW v9.7.2.ex4

78 KB
|
7,962 downloads
|
Uploaded Jun 7, 2017 9:05pm

3)version 9.6.1: Basically is the same as 9.7.1, except that, it does not stop searching after finding CWW, and always look for new ones as they are developing and thus "Repaint", if you want to halt the program, by clicking button for any pattern, program stop searching and so you can examine the selected pattern as long as you want, without losing it, if it find a new pattern. By clicking "Search Again" button,you may restart the indicator again.(this version uses a lot of the CPU time,since it is always running and doing a lot of calculations
Attached File(s)   parvizCWW v9.6.1.ex4

75 KB
|
5,355 downloads
|
Uploaded May 12, 2017 2:36pm

Note: There is no short cut to becoming proficient in trading Wolfe waves or trading any other method for that matter. I believe it's imperative that traders take the time to learn how to draw Wolfe waves manually. Having a working knowledge of the structure and the ability to spot them on your own will go a long way towards improving your results. Having said that, this indicator is simply fantastic. It's so versatile and user friendly. As you read through the thread (and I hope you do), you will see how many modifications and improvements have been made. This will give you a strong skill set in knowing how to use this indicator to your advantage. Please understand that this indicator will find many many WWs. You will find waves with excellent symmetry and some with horrible symmetry. Some waves will be very steep angled and others will be nearly horizontal. It's your job to sift through these waves and find those that offer the best potential. Well structured waves with several layers of confluence are the diamonds in the rough and offer the highest probability for success.

FILTERING YOUR TRADES: POST #1286

Please feel free to post your charts with any questions. I am here to learn just as much as you are. Maybe you have some good filters to share with us or different parameters when entering a trade. We are all in this together. My hope is that "iron will sharpen iron" and that the end result will be a growing group of seasoned Wolfe wave gurus.

FINAL THOUGHTS

WWs work on all pairs, time frames, and instruments. WWs are often the endpoints of other larger more complex harmonic structures. I have noticed that pairs and the market in general tend to go through harmonic phases. Set ups seem to be developing everywhere. Other times, price action looks like a gazelle running away from a cheetah.

Be especially careful when trading volatile pairs on smaller time frames. Trying to trade the GBP/NZD on a 5 minute time frame during low liquidity with a 5 pip spread isn't very prudent. There are many set ups every day so there is no need to force a trade during these high risk scenarios.

Be mindful of news events. Active trades on smaller time frames are very susceptible to spikes and widening spreads.

When monitoring your active trade, be cognizant of any smaller WWs that are developing inside the bigger wave. These smaller waves could give you a clue that it is time to bag the pips and manually end your trade.

But most of all, make sure you are enjoying the chase. Trading is hard work and can be frustrating at times. For me, the best feeling in the world is stalking, executing, and then winning the trade. Trading is my job and I absolutely love to go to work!!

PERSONAL NOTE

My name is Kurt. I am a 50 year single parent of a beautiful 5 year old girl. I'm generally pressed for time but will do my best to respond to any questions, comments, or concerns. I spend a lot of time mentoring and volunteering at my daughter's kindergarten class. I'm also very much involved in ministry and the community at large. Trading has been a hard journey but a rewarding one. It was never about the money, it was always about the freedom. Trading has truly been a blessing in my life. Good luck to all who have the dream and thank you for participating in this thread.

"A problem is merely an opportunity to find a solution"

What follows are a couple of initial examples of CWW's with accompanying explanations as to how I determined what would be the most prudent sweet zone entry price.

--- 帖子 #2 ---
Pictured below is a CWW that exhibits near perfect symmetry. What I mean by that is that AB and CD are nearly the same length in pips. In addition, both legs took exactly 12 candles to complete. That's all fine and dandy, but the problem still remains; where do we enter our trade?

If you look at where the trend line is broken compared to where the bottom of the sweet zone is, well, that's about 100 pips. Even though this is a 4H TF, that's still looks like a lot of potential risk. If we enter at the trend line our SL would have to be upwards of 150 pips which is completely unacceptable. So what do we do?

The first thing I do is map out the wave. After some chart time, the developing waves will jump off the screen at you. When you see a wave entering the D leg, map it out. In that way, you will already know in advance exactly where you are going to scale in, provided the structure is still valid when and if price reaches that zone.

MAPPING OUT THE WAVE

1)Draw the red trend line, the green target line, the yellow trend line and the other yellow parallel extension line. Use the diagram in post 1 for a reference.

2)Put the XABCD points on the chart in the appropriate spots. It may seem silly to do this as you already know where those spots are, but for me its about due diligence and complete visual clarity, especially when teaching, discussing, or learning from others

3)Using the zigzag indicator, find and mark the AB=CD completion level.

4)Put the BC fib extension on your chart. You'll be surprised how many times the AB=CD completion level matches up perfectly with one of the fib levels.

5)Given the TF that you're in, look back an appropriate distance in time to locate any previous zones of critical S/R and mark them as rectangular zones

6)I don't use them but some people like to have a look at the Bollinger bands.

Not always, but as a general rule, you will notice these repeating patterns:

1) WWs with flatter angles tend to reverse at the 113 or 127 fib extensions
2) WWs with moderate angles tend to reverse at the 141 or 161 fib extensions
3) WWs with extremely steep angles tend to reverse at the 200 to 261 fib extensions

Obviously there is going to be some subjectivity in determining exactly where the entry price is going to be, but with more and more chart time you will become extremely confident in your entry point.

In the example below, I didn't find any previous S/R that lined up with the sweet zone but the fact that AB=CD landed right on the 161 fib made it a no brainer. Either scale in with very small positions starting at the 141 fib down to the 161 fib, or wait until price is much closer to the 161 fib and scale in with fewer larger sized positions. In both cases the SL is going to be at least half way to the 200 fib (depending on risk parameters, SL could also be below the 200 fib).

Bottom line: By doing our homework in advance, we have mitigated our risk substantially. Of course this example is a cherry picked winner, but ultimately it was a 400 pip move to the target line with a SL as little as 50-100 pips depending on the risk management parameters.

Note: Bill Wolfe was trading stocks and equities when he founded his wave theory and as such had access to true market volume. He noted that volume should spike up at the point of reversal. This makes sense as most reversal areas are basically a battle between bulls and bears. Unfortunately, forex broker volume isn't necessarily indicative of true market volume. Still, on occasion I will have a look at the MFI (Bill Wiiliams market facilitation index) just to see what's going on in the retail world

CAD/JPY 4H CLASSIC WOLFE WAVE (CWW)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Zooming in to the hourly chart illustrates the challenge we face in deciding where to enter the trade. If you notice on the way down to the ultimate reversal point, there are two price bounces of about 50 pips each. If we had entered at the original trend line break, then where would our stop be placed? Likewise, if we entered at the second bounce, where would our SL be? Also, check out the TDI indicator at the bottom. It's very choppy as price is heading down to the true reversal price. Point being, the AB=CD makes this problem go away. We might miss the trade if price never reaches that point, but we have mitigated our risk substantially.

This also brings up another point, and that is, why don't we just wait for a TDI cross and then enter the trade. A Valid point and there is nothing wrong with doing that. The only difference is your SL will be greater, especially on the higher time frames.

CAD/JPY HOURLY ZOOM IN
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #3 ---
This example doesn't exhibit the same symmetry. Price ultimately reversed about 46 pips before AB=CD completion. That's not really too much considering this is on the daily TF.

Anyways, we go ahead and map it out. As is often the case the AB=CD ended right about at the 161 fib. Again, we have the same problem. We have about 140 pips from the TL break to the bottom of the sweet zone to contend with. Do we jump in at the 127 fib? Maybe we scale in at the 141? Well, before making that decision I zoomed out and noticed some very distinct previous S/R. Take a look at the second chart to see what I mean. Problem solved. I either scale in from the 127 fib or wait until price gets near the 141 fib and scale in with fewer larger positions. SL below the 161 fib. Only a 50-80 pip SL for a move that eventually ended up being about 500 pips. Of course, all in hindsight and likely would have taken some profits off the table on the way up, but a pretty good RR nonetheless.

NZD/USD DAILY
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Zooming out to check for previous S/R
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #4 ---
really cool! keep up the good

--- 帖子 #5 ---
Thank you very much. Phase one complete, time for some rest. Have a great weekend!

--- 帖子 #6 ---
Nice one. Subscribe.

--- 帖子 #7 ---
Awesome with your own thread mate, let's get to work!

--- 帖子 #8 ---
Absolutely, but first, I must sleep!

--- 帖子 #9 ---
this seems be perfect thread

--- 帖子 #10 ---
I will be updating the first post later tonight to discuss profit taking strategies. In the meantime feel free to post any set ups or ask any questions that you might have. No question is too infantile, we are all hear to learn from each other.

--- 帖子 #11 ---
Great stuff Expo, looking forward to it!

In order to give people a taste of what's to come, here is a pattern I caught and traded today, gained almost 5x my risk! Not a 100% perfect one due to the many bounces at the 4th point, but still very trade-able in my opinion.

Sorry if the chart looks clogged up with lines, they are all important as you will soon learn from Expo.

Take care.

--- 帖子 #12 ---
I'm going to enjoy this thread.

--- 帖子 #13 ---
Nicely spotted mate!

I see the ABCD completion landed right on the 161fib. A SL just below the 200 fib of 10-12 pips would have been more than sufficient, especially on the 15min TF . Bagged 80 pips, now thats a nice RR!!!

--- 帖子 #14 ---
Haha thanks buddy, it was quite a trade! Wasn't as brave as you would have been tho, used a 16 pip stoploss. But just look at that reversal, almost on the pip!! Love Wolfe Waves a lot at the moment

Thinking about always closing my position at 1:4RR, that seems to have worked well in the past... Looking forward to hear about your TP strategies

By the way, do you pronounce them wolfE waves or wolf waves?

--- 帖子 #15 ---
The wave is named after the founder of this theory, Bill Wolfe

--- 帖子 #16 ---
Remember, we aren't trying to move mountains here, or predict some great shift in sentiment, or predict what some OPEC mouthpiece is going to say or do. All we are doing is preparing the playing field in advance so that when the time comes, we will be ready to take action. Not only will we be ready to take action, we'll know exactly where to take the action. So go ahead and MAP IT OUT!!

WTI CRUDE 15MIN CCW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

This chart is self explanatory. All of our levels are right in front of our eyes. Previous S/R tells us that there is likely going to be a battle in the sweet zone. We can see the whole field now. All we have to do now is monitor price action and wait for the moment to strike. Price may never actually make it to the sweet zone, or the wave structure might become invalid. In either case, so be it. We just scrap the plan and look to map out other developing waves.

The above set up is very simple. Risking 12-15 pips to conservatively bag about 40 pips.

--- 帖子 #17 ---
Post #1 has been updated with a take profit diagram.

--- 帖子 #18 ---
Great work Expo,  Eagerly subscribed

--- 帖子 #19 ---
Thank you Expo for sharing your knowledge. Do you find wolfwave has better edge over other harmonic animals? Do you use wolfwave exclusively?

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #20 ---
Thank you Expo. I like it. Combine with Moving Averages and Ichimoku.

--- 帖子 #21 ---
I wouldn't say definitively that WWs are better, but they are certainly less complex. I am a true believer in all harmonic patterns. I just gravitated towards the WWs because of the simplicity. I got tired of being "mediocre" at many things and started to focus on being very good at one thing.

I'd say 80% of my trades are WWs. I always have about 20% set aside for long term trades (3-12 months) based on some fundamental scenario.

--- 帖子 #22 ---
Hi Expo33, thank you for sharing and to let me discover the Wolfe Waves

found below your previous chart as sample, i would like to know how did you choose your exact entry until you got some reaction on your predict reversal point, engulfing, break of a previous S/R ? you could also found on my UJ sample an idea for entry with the break of a TL above CD.

Please also found a sample on 5m chart on UJ, do you this analyse correct ? one more time i just discover your thread and the wolfe waves

Regards and stay green

Ockham

--- 帖子 #23 ---
If I understand your first question correctly, I will enter the trade without waiting to see if there is any reversal. I'm assuming in advance, based on the WW structure, AB=CD completion, and the previous S/R that there WILL be a reaction at the price I have marked.

I know most traders would rather wait to see a reversal get started. Many times price will bounce off the preset level then retest that level. If I wait for price to bounce 10 pips now my SL will have to be 20 pips. If price eventually break through and continues higher, I have basically doubled my loss. I'd rather enter first with the 10 pip SL rather than wait for any confirmation. In essence, for me, the conformation IS the Wolfe wave itself coupled with all of the other layers of confluence.

Im not sure if that answers your question.

The UJ set up is not a valid WW because line XB does not converge with line AC (refer to the diagram posted on page one). Even if it was, I would rather stay away from that potential set up anyways. Terrible symmetry, large re trace before leg D completes, just doesn't fit any of the valid WW structure

Anyways, thanks for the post.

A little friendly advice. That PVSRA chart and system is a work of art. I have read thru a lot of Cigarguy's posts, excellent trader with a great system. But for our purposes here, it is best to start with a naked chart. The only thing on my chart initially is the price and the zigzag. Then just map it out. After enough practice you'll  see right away that a certain pattern doesn't fit the WW structure

--- 帖子 #24 ---
When I put the indicators and template it's not showing the wolfe wave detected. Pls explain if am doing something wrong

--- 帖子 #25 ---
its only a zig zag . You have to look for them yourself.

--- 帖子 #26 ---
Thank you for answer, ok i understand your entry now, to catch better RR with tight stop loss which sound good as for a scalper !

Arf i missed the point of XB and AC have to converge read to quickly, my bad. For pvsra i effectively just scalping CigarGuy system and i'm still looking to improve with other compatible system that wave wolfe seems to be, i will follow your advice and open a second naked chart with just the zigzag on higher TF,probably m15, to try to learn wave wolfe, thank you for advice, subscribed

--- 帖子 #27 ---
You're welcome friend. Good weekend

--- 帖子 #28 ---
Expo or anybody. Help me pls. Since I am new and haven't read yet the full description of WW. Here is 4 hrs GBPNZD chart.

1. Is this Bullish or Bearish Wave?

2. Do I long or short?

3. Where is my point of entry?

4. Where is my TP and SL.?

Thank you.

--- 帖子 #29 ---
In order to get better at understanding of what works, it's important to look at what doesn't work.

Three reasons NOT to take this trade

1) No symmetry at all
2) No previous S/R confluence
3) AB=CD completion with no FIB confluence

Right off the bat you can see AB moves 124 pips in 2 candles while CD just plods along actually bouncing off the trend line for like 50 candles to make it's 124 pips to completion. When it reaches completion, you see a little congestion, then ultimately price breaks thru 50 pips higher, far to much for a SL on 30 minutes.

In addition, just look at how the zig zag is moving. Its all over the place. There is nothing harmonic about the price action on the entire chart.

EUR/CAD 30MIN CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #30 ---
Same questions to anybody. This is EU 4HR chart.

1. Is this Bullish or Bearish Wave?

2. Do I long or short?

3. Where is my point of entry?

4. Where is my TP and SL.?

Thank you.

--- 帖子 #31 ---
It would be helpful if you at least point an "X" on your chart to show where the wave starts.

The first GN chart is not a valid WW. I'm not even sure what is going on there.

The second EU chart was valid to start but price never reached the XB trend line or sweet zone so point D never happened. As it stands, it ended up being a double bottom. Also, you didn't draw XB properly. You cant draw your trend line form X and cut thru price at B. It is imperative that you are diligent and draw your lines from low point to low point exactly.

With all due respect, I would suggest you go back and look at the Classic Wolfe wave diagram on post #1 and then look at all of the valid examples here that have been posted. You'll need to train your mind to see the patterns and then draw them correctly. Trading is hard my friend. We can't teach you to run if you aren't willing to walk

--- 帖子 #32 ---
Points taken. Thank you.

--- 帖子 #33 ---
It seems WW is used to expect a reversal bid. A lot of price patterns, wave patterns are used for reversal trade.

What is successful rate for WW set up?

Is this WW a similar to 3 drive pattern?

--- 帖子 #34 ---
hi, good thread. thought may add 10c worth... as i have been using the classic 1-6 pattern for a couple of years now as part of the toolkit. They are very powerful, and WW help ascertain which swing you are trading, which is of upmost importance. Just take your time if your new, make sure you dont imagine things, found them to be never really textbook perfect, double, triple, tops and bottoms, timeframes etc... sometimes you might not see them until after the fact.. experience !

--- 帖子 #35 ---
what do you see?

mark it up

--- 帖子 #36 ---
PZ Wolfwave
Attached File(s)   PZ_WolfeWaves.ex4

12 KB
|
2,035 downloads

Inserted Video

--- 帖子 #37 ---
Inserted Video

--- 帖子 #38 ---
Hello, I am a new member in this forum. This my first contribution.
EURJPY daily chart.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #39 ---
I ask the question.

--- 帖子 #40 ---
I don't think the two videos you uploaded are covering the same WWs as we are looking to trade here, most of the ones in the videos doesn't have symmetry between AB and CD nor do they have converging trendlines.

--- 帖子 #41 ---
If you want to be profitable with these patterns you need to map it out and read the first post in order to understand how they work. The pattern you uploaded is not a valid one as the 1-3 trendline doesn't touch the tip of point 3.

--- 帖子 #42 ---
Hello, I am new member in this forum. This my new contribution.
EURJPY daily chart.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #43 ---
It is a good setup, unfortunately price didn't quite reach the "sweet zone" and by that we didn't get an entry. The sweet zone is where I have marked the green square on my chart. It is the area where the fibonacci extension, 2-4 trendline and ABCD pattern come together.

Still, nice work, and welcome to the forum!

--- 帖子 #44 ---
Nice setup for the week to come: GBPAUD 60:

--- 帖子 #45 ---
Expo33,

Do you ever trade the A,B,C,or D leg of the Wolf Wave?

--- 帖子 #46 ---
Expo33,   congratulate.                 Excellent subject! I will study, it hope to turn out!

--- 帖子 #47 ---
USDJPY daily chart

Price hits EPA

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #48 ---
EURGBP, daily chart

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #49 ---
Hello Krossaren96. In your message 11 there is an indicator a red green square. It is possible to receive the reference to downloading? I thank.

--- 帖子 #50 ---
Hi Wayfarer. That is not an indicator, it is just a drawingtool that is available at tradingview.com. It's basically just 2 squares (one red and one green) that makes you visualize the stop and tp ratio.

--- 帖子 #51 ---
Hallo Krossaren96
Thanks. You are right, the wave didn’t make a sweet zone. On the next two charts which I sent, the sweet zones are clear.

--- 帖子 #52 ---
CHFJPY daily chart,
Price entered the sweet zone but not further upto the line.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #53 ---
[Цитата = Krossaren96; 9626548] {цитата} Привет путник. Это не показатель, это просто drawingtool, который доступен на tradingview.com. Это в основном только 2 квадратов (один красный и один зеленый), что заставляет вас визуализировать соотношение стоп и т.п. [/ Цитата]

Thanks, I will look. I esteem.

--- 帖子 #54 ---
Hi Jack.

I couldn't really give you a success rate as that really depends on the person and their ability to find the best set ups. What I can say is that the WW strategy gives the "edge" that we need to be successful in this business.

The 3 drive pattern is a different animal in my opinion mainly because their are no trend line breaks. It's more like trading channels. The WW pattern theory is based on the fact that the "physics" of the wave is out of balance at the trend line break and that their will be an equal an opposite reaction to re-balance the larger wave or system if you will.

--- 帖子 #55 ---
No I don't. I always wait until D

--- 帖子 #56 ---
This is a great trade and one that I made as well.

One thing I will mention. I haven't taken Bill Wolfe's course but when I read his basic pdf overview, he states that he doesn't always use the "estimated time of arrival". And that makes sense because many of the waves have very flat angles so the convergence point could be 3 months away. Still, it is a nice spot to have marked out

Thanks for your charts, looking good, keep up the good work!

--- 帖子 #57 ---
Thanks for posting. Busy day ahead for me. I will definitely check these out later tonight. I am always interested in other points of view

--- 帖子 #58 ---
Great Thread! Subscribed! Thanks Expo33

--- 帖子 #59 ---
I see the sweet zone you have drawn and it looks good but price didn't quite reach it. If it had we would have gotten an entry. Good job!

--- 帖子 #60 ---
Thanks. I have seen some flat waves from historical charts. I am new trader and have problem to spot them in real chart. Even I am not sure how to put my target in these situations. At a moment, I am exercising my eyes to spot wolf waves with triangular shapes in real forex market. My knowledge regarding Wolf-Wave is a peanut. Just I have read the 46-page PDF document. This what I could find to read in the internet unfortunately. I am pretty surprise why this trading method hat less attention by experienced traders, even wolf doesn’t write any textbook for the novice traders. Thus far, this forum is the only forum I have discovered in internet, that is what I joined you to learn more.

--- 帖子 #61 ---
I highlighted the sweet zone clearly. Just missed it for few pips.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #62 ---
It's important to remember that the AB=CD doesn't have to necessarily complete to validate an entry. I map it out just to know where it is, and to see if it is going to show confluence with the structure as a whole. In fact, It may be in Bill Wolfe's course but he never mentioned it in the pdf overview. Also, I have never seen anyone else mention the AB=CD as an entry requirement, it was just something I added as a potential filter.

If you look at that daily CHF/JPY set up it shows very nice symmetry. AB = 7 CANDLES CD = 6 CANDLES.

For price to have reached the completion on candle 7, 8 or even 9, it would have had to entirely break through the bottom extension line XB of the sweet zone, which to my mind would invalidate the structure. Like I said, this is still a work in progress and these are excellent talking points. Also, this IS the daily so it is reasonable to expect that the AB=CD won't be exact. This trade is very similar to the NU daily I posted (post#3).

On the flip side, this is a good scenario for our earlier discussion about entering after the reversal. In hindsight of course, but entering after the reversal on the TDI cross would have worked out well. Again, the AB=CD was put in place to try and mitigate risk. In this case, based on the price hitting XB, in would be acceptable to scale in at the 161FIB (which happens to be near the testing of the 200EMA). A quick look at Bollinger bands shows price had pierced the bottom level as well. We certainly dont want to force any trade but in this instance there may have been other factors to consider other than ABCD.

Just my rant, off to the movies, back tonight
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #63 ---
A big thank you everyone who has participated so far. Looks like we are off and running!

--- 帖子 #64 ---
Hi Expo33

A big thank you for starting this thread.

Do you ever use the fib ratios for AB=CD completion? For example, if AB retraces 61.8 then completion is 161 extension etc.....also I don't recall any time or pip distance being mentioned in Scott carney's material on AB=CD, maybe you can elaborate on this and also on what has to happen for the structure to invalidate. You posted a developing GbpJpy 1hr chart last week somewhere but it kinda fizzled out i think, maybe use that as example to show if still valid or not.

Once again thanks for all your efforts.

--- 帖子 #65 ---
Great response, I love how much effort you put into explaining every little detail. So basically the structure, meaning that the AB=CD in terms of time, is more important than price hitting to the exact pip?

I thought that we wanted all of those details - 1-4 line extension, fib and AB=CD to line up in order to take a trade? But we are okay only if two of them line up? Or it's a matter of "feeling" that us WW beginners haven't quite gotten the hang of yet?

Take care and enjoy the movie!

--- 帖子 #66 ---
true dat, i have it as a wave 6 in progress

--- 帖子 #67 ---
Finally. My 1st WW. USGDm 6 min. This is fun.

--- 帖子 #68 ---
UJ 6min.

--- 帖子 #69 ---
NZDCAD, 6 min.

--- 帖子 #70 ---
Last one. CADJPY, 6 min

--- 帖子 #71 ---
hi frx_trader are you drawing manually  your xabcd or are you using an indi ? and which time frame are you trading ?

--- 帖子 #72 ---
Hi. Manually. Using 2 Triangles and 1 line. First, I study the form of WW. Then practice by drawing on paper. Then I look into charts and find them.

Once you can identify a WW on charts. Then the rest is easy and fun.

I find my first WW after 24 hours of study.

--- 帖子 #73 ---
I trade intraday. And seldom leave anything open overnight.

--- 帖子 #74 ---
You're welcome Omi.

To your first question, no I haven't actively considered anything like that, but like I have said, this is still a work in progress. The possibilities are only limited by our imagination. One of the reasons I fell in love with WWs is their simplicity, so for now I am focused on honing my WW skills. However, I am huge fan of Scott Carney's work and have looked at more harmonic structures than my brain can handle.

The GPY/JPY you mentioned totally broke down be fore D. No problem, we just scrub that chart and look for more developing D legs. Map it out, monitor price action, be prepared to strike. Rinse and repeat.

Here is the chart you were talking about. Price breaks down badly. BUT, if you redraw the AC trend line as it stands now, the structure is still technically a valid WW. However, the symmetry is a complete train wreck and not something I would look to trade even if price made it to D

GPY/JPY HOURLY
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #75 ---
Not really a feeling, more of a mechanics thing.

The definitive characteristic of this wave is how flat it is. Notice XB is almost horizontal and given that AB was a swift and smooth 7 candle move it negates any possibility of CD completing with symmetry inside the sweet zone. The only way CD can complete is to slowly ride down the extension line, in which case there could be no symmetry with AB.

Basically we are on the verge of the a parallel Wolfe wave (PWW), which I intentionally left out for now just because it brings in a whole other set of entry strategies. Honestly, I am still studying the PWWs. Hopefully later on that is something we can get into, but for now just trying to master the classic wave.

Remember, mechanically speaking the sweet zone is anywhere from the XB trend line to the AC parallel extension line. Entry strategies are subjective and vary greatly form one trader to the next.

--- 帖子 #76 ---
hello! great work!!

what do you think about this example??

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #77 ---
Great example, although I think you have drawn the fibonacci extension wrong. It seems as if you have put the "100" level above point 3(B)? It should be like this. Still the same pattern, good job!

I have circled what I mean with the fibonacci in the picture below

--- 帖子 #78 ---
yes, you are right, i have drawn the  fibo in a wrong way, how do you manage this trade?

do you wait till the end?  this trade has a huge r:r

--- 帖子 #79 ---
If you look at the entry (first) post it says:

EXIT STRATEGY

Every good entry needs a good exit. Below is my mechanical exit strategy ( I like to divide my positions up into 3 equal parts). I use the X, C, and A points as my reference points for exit. It is likely that there will be an increase in price action at these points just based on the nature of S/R. I would actually be setting my TP levels 5-20 pips below these three levels based on the time frame. I am generally very conservative with my TP's. I don't want to set my TP right at the level only to see price reverse significantly without bagging some pips.

Note: When price reaches TP #1 just shy of level X, then the SL's for the two remaining positions are moved to BE.

In regards to your specific pattern I would most likely take the final profit at around 1:6RR as the 1-4 line is very steep

--- 帖子 #80 ---
frx, i dont see any AB=CD in your charts. Its the rule i think.

--- 帖子 #81 ---
Expo,

What is the smallest time frame you are comfortable working with?

--- 帖子 #82 ---
New setup for CAD/JPY 15minute

--- 帖子 #83 ---
Mario. You catch me. I relax the rules a bit. See how it goes. It's not perfect WW. Thank you for reminding me.

--- 帖子 #84 ---
I usually stick with 15 minutes and up but will do 5 minutes depending on the pair and the time of day. I don't want to get into a trade on the 5 minute TF during low liquidity, especially with some of the more exotic pairs with bigger spreads

--- 帖子 #85 ---
I don't see a WW here, more like a head and shoulders that has broken the neck line

--- 帖子 #86 ---
nice if you catch some pips  but are you seeing ab=cd ?! or any symetrie or xb ac convergence ?

We probably need to focus more on the op rules as we are beginners with WW imho.

Regards

Ockham

--- 帖子 #87 ---
AB=CD is not 100% necessary for entry. It is always good to know where that level is, especially for waves that have steep angles.

If you are unsure about entry, the completion level is potentially a good spot, especially if there is confluence with previous S/R, fibos, 200EMA, etc

Also, it is important to note that most traders that trade reversal patterns of any kind tend to wait for confirmation and don't enter until a reversal candle has completed. Perfectly acceptable. Entries are subjective and will vary from trader to trader based on their risk tolerance, personality, and trading style.

The one thing that's generally ALWAYS true is that entry takes place inside the "sweet" zone.

--- 帖子 #88 ---
Thanks for your input.  New at this and trying to get the hang of it.

--- 帖子 #89 ---
You're welcome.

Just refer to the diagram in post #1 and keep practicing, posting., and asking asking questions. Eventually you will recognize the wave with ease. Then you're only challenge will be entry, exit, and of course risk management

--- 帖子 #90 ---
I tried backtest the method but I was able to find only few setups which are, according to the rules even wrong...am I missing something?

These entries have no convergence
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

and these have convergence but B lower than X
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #91 ---
that doesnt seem WW.there is expanding channel.

--- 帖子 #92 ---
I don't see WW in any charts. You should see the rules again. Some rules are important.

--- 帖子 #93 ---
Waves #2 and #5 that you posted don't fit any wave we will be studying here.

Waves #1 and #3 do not fit the requirements of a Classic Wolfe wave (CWW), because lines XB and AC don't converge.

Ironically, #1 and #3 are what I call an "Anti" Wolfe wave (AWW) that I kind of made up during my study period. In my first post I mentioned that we might discuss this type of wave after getting a good grasp on the classic wave. I just didn't want traders to get confused. I would of actually traded your set up as a valid Anti Wolfe wave (AWW).

Three differences that the Anti Wolfe wave exhibit:

1) Lines XB and AC do NOT converge

2) Price rarely gets to far into the "anti" sweet zone, if you will, just because of the "expanding" nature of the wave.

3) Because of difference 2, the entry generally takes place very near the AB=CD completion and very near to the parallel extension line.

Wave #4 is actually a Parallel Wolfe wave (PWW) which we haven't discussed yet either. Line XB is horizontal which is what defines the parallel wave

By the way, THANK YOU for using the template and for marking out the points so clearly. It makes the discussion so much easier for everyone involved, especially me.

Cheers

Here is an Anti wave example that I had saved for a discussion at a later date. Note how is looks almost exactly like yours. it also shows a classic wave developing near the TP zone as a good indicator for exit

--- 帖子 #94 ---
GBPNZD, 6 min Today. Wow, WW is unbelievable.

--- 帖子 #95 ---
I'm just not seeing it mate.

I'm glad your banking pips but I just can't see the wave you're trading. Could you at least mark the starting point with an "X"

And the 6 minute chart, well, as the young kids say these days, that's just off the hook!

--- 帖子 #96 ---
I redraw it. Here it is. That's the setup I use. I don't know if it's a classic WW or not. But it works ok for me. Yeah, not all pips, but 40 pips TP.

I will extend my TP when I develop confident in WW. Thanks.

--- 帖子 #97 ---
XB AND AC don't converge so not a CWW

With all due respect, it would be helpful and less confusing for all who are involved if you would please stick to the CWW. We are trying to master the CWW structure first and foremost.

--- 帖子 #98 ---
Not much on the radar yet for this week but i am tracking this one. Pretty flat structure but decent symmetry so far. Myabe London can get this completed for an entry. If not, throw it in the scrap pile and look for others possibilities.

GBP/AUD 30MIN CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

UPDATE: Wave structure invalidated 7 minutes after posting, moving right along

--- 帖子 #99 ---
thanks to share pz wolfwave.do you have 2nd indicator like macd ?

--- 帖子 #100 ---
Wolfe Wave setup on USDCAD 60 min:

--- 帖子 #101 ---
Hi Classy.

I am not sure if you were asking me or "heispark" about the MACD but whatever works as a filter is great. The TDI can be used as a divergence tool as well but whatever traders feel comfortable with.

--- 帖子 #102 ---
Hi folks,

Street Smarts is a book that outlines this patttern, although the authors don't go into the finer points of this strat from the point of view of this thread.  I don't trade this pattern because it would usually be something else like a wedge top or bottom for example.  However, I saw this and thought I'd post it for you - apologies for the non-conformity to the general template.  USDCHF H4
Attached File(s)   WW 6-3-17.pdf

91 KB
|
973 downloads

--- 帖子 #103 ---
thanks for reply .i asked to see video upload by heispark .yes tdi is my all time  favorite ...

--- 帖子 #104 ---
Ok friend, just checking

--- 帖子 #105 ---
A hindsight setup on USDJPY:

--- 帖子 #106 ---
I am afraid I don't have. Sorry.

--- 帖子 #107 ---
still learning but i think this is a valid setup currently forming:- aud/jpy

my limit as per picture.

--- 帖子 #108 ---
thanks a lot for reply.do you use pz wolfwave ? it is not like vidos indi or problem in my mt4?no solid pattern just lines?

3 pz indicator match nicely

--- 帖子 #109 ---
AUDCHF daily

Attached Image

--- 帖子 #110 ---
25 pips up first

--- 帖子 #111 ---
Hello fellows, I draw this WW. I doubt if the price reaches the EPA with in the expected time, unless the price makes a sharp downward move in favour of a big news.

--- 帖子 #112 ---
USDJPY 15 min setup:

--- 帖子 #113 ---
I can't see the chart, are you sure that you included the image?

--- 帖子 #114 ---
Unfortunately price had broken out of the lower trendline (see my picture), hence no trade. Other than that it was a good setup, good job

--- 帖子 #115 ---
Hi Sailingboat.

Please read the first post of the thread and mark out the sweetzone on your charts using the projected A-C line, the fibonacci expansion and the ABCD pattern, thanks!

--- 帖子 #116 ---
Almost at the sweetzone on USDCHF:

--- 帖子 #117 ---
Well spotted!

I have the same trade. I actually was looking at the weekly and waited over 6 weeks for it to hit the sweet zone!! Patience paying off nicely though

--- 帖子 #118 ---
I wouldn't worry too much about the ETA. In fact, Bill Wolfe himself stated that he doesn't base his exits on the ETA. AS you say, sometimes the wave angle makes the ETA a little unrealistic

--- 帖子 #119 ---
Just got back from dropping my daughter off at school. Thanks for posting. I'm a little late to the party, but I'm in!

USD/CHF 15MIN CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #120 ---
Mapped out and ready

AUD/CAD 30MIN CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

UPDATE: MAPPED AND SCRAPPED AS STRUCTURE BROKE DOWN BEFORE COMPLETION

--- 帖子 #121 ---
Mapped out and ready!

--- 帖子 #122 ---
First let me preface by stating that I took Bill Wolfe's course,

was trained by him in the methodology, and have corresponded

with him regarding setups. I do not mean to rain on anyone's

parade, but many of the charts being offered here as Wolfe Waves

are the farthest thing from them.  If the "Street Smarts" book, or

a knock-off website is your only exposure to this setup, then it is

very unlikely that you are trading Wolfe Waves properly. And over

the long haul, your results will bear this out.

--- 帖子 #123 ---
I guess this version is slightly different from commercial version...

--- 帖子 #124 ---
Two trades triggered today. So far, both have survived the initial momentum surge.

USD/CHF 15MIN CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

USD/JPY 15MIN CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #125 ---
I think we have alerted any posters that have posted charts that don't meet the requirements of the basic Wolfe wave structure. This is a thread for anyone, so stands to reason there will be a lot of confusion for anyone new to WWs

--- 帖子 #126 ---
GBPJPY 5 min setup:

--- 帖子 #127 ---
Entry at AB=CD with previous S/R as a filter

AUD/CAD 1H CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #128 ---
what about the previous wolfe wave here? Was it a good setup? The only problem is where do we enter? On the touch of 1.41 or 1.61? Or wait for tdi cross, wait for reversal bars confirmation?

--- 帖子 #129 ---
euro in setup

--- 帖子 #130 ---
interesting topic,

but I tried the template and the zigzag doesn't look as yours

is there a specific setting for it

that's my chart

--- 帖子 #131 ---
So, in the interests of open discussion and education, what would you say are the problems with the Wolf Waves being shown here and the real deal?  I'm sure everyone viewing this thread would be most interested in whatever constructive input you can provide.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #132 ---
Conventional wisdom says wait for the TDI cross then put your stop above the original price spike. I do that sometimes, but usually I am entering as price hits my predetermined zone.

I am trying to get more bang for my buck out of the entry (closer to the ultimate spike). In this case price only advanced 11 pips past the AB=CD level, not bad for an hourly set up. Waiting for the TDI cross is fine, you'll just have to decide if you want your SL to be above the last printed candle or much higher above the original price spike, which in the is case over 20 pips.

Once you get more confidence in the structure and set up, you will start to get more comfortable with the entry. A lot depends on your risk management profile. Either way, its important to know what SL level  is going to give your trade reasonable breathing room without exposing yourself to too much risk.

.

--- 帖子 #133 ---
True. Right now, i am just using 1:1 for my wolfe wave entries. I found out that the EPA is not always accurate like the one audcad 1hour setup. It was good for when the AC trendline touches back but not until the EPA. Anyway, i'm satisfied if every setup can get the price go to AC or line 24.

--- 帖子 #134 ---
In my opinion, you're using the wrong starting point for "X"

Refer to the chart below. A very nice set up with excellent symmetry. Trade would have been triggered with an 8 pip bounce down from entry. That is exactly what we are looking for. This gives us the option of moving the SL to BE for a free trade. Either nothing or 20-25 pips in the green. I like that option. Of course, you can always leave the initial SL in place and ride it out.

EUR/USD 15MIN CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #135 ---
I don't use the EPA. I don't think many traders do.

On smaller time frames I am trying to get my TP at least back to level C. That will give me at least 2:1 RR. On higher time frames I tend to scale out along the way as the diagram shows in post #1.

Working a demo acct on this is a great way to see what works. You just have to be diligent in sticking to a risk management profile to make it a better simulation to real money trades. Of course, nothing can simulate the emotions of live trading

--- 帖子 #136 ---
may be not a perfect one but still in as well

--- 帖子 #137 ---
By the way for those of you using the news calendar in the template, it stopped working, so I'm looking for a new one and will update post #1 soon

--- 帖子 #138 ---
it's actually quite a nice setup. My original stoploss was 12 pips but i got impatient and got out at +11. Good luck guys for those who are still in.

--- 帖子 #139 ---
for my 1st attempt i decided to go out on C level +19.9, also forgot to draw the fibo which gives nice entry @1,168%  as others mentioned already.

Have to work on set up, MM and RR but seems promising

--- 帖子 #140 ---
this one always works great for me if you want to try, also add a trade level if someone is interesting.

--- 帖子 #141 ---
News calendar and template updated now

--- 帖子 #142 ---
Nice job, 11 pips is 11 pips

--- 帖子 #143 ---
Well played sir!

Thank you.

--- 帖子 #144 ---
Thanks expo, will continue to post here if i found some nice setups.

What about your aud/cad trade? Looking good now. Mind to tell me your position management? EG where you enter or plan to exit.

--- 帖子 #145 ---
You're welcome

I closed out half of my position at +25 and am letting the rest ride with SL moved to BE.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #146 ---
that's nice. What was your original stoploss for this trade? Around 200 maybe? How many pips for stoploss? I saw you entered at 1.41. Did you wait for reversals or you just put a limit order there?

--- 帖子 #147 ---
Nice one! Woke up too late to catch it :/

--- 帖子 #148 ---
Just entered on this one, noticed it 1 minute ago and got in just in time to catch the beginning of the downmove (entered on the cross of TDI), sorry!

--- 帖子 #149 ---
UK100 setup:

--- 帖子 #150 ---
Stop loss was a few pips above the 200, then moved down a few pips above the spike level after the trade was going in my favor.

Smaller time frames I almost never wait for the reversal candle. I entered right at the AB=CD 141FIB

--- 帖子 #151 ---
Thanks brother.

That UJ trade was 24 pips green at level C and I didn't micro manage, now back in the red. Remember what we were talking about. Now I want to break my computer screen but I can't because my daughter is sleeping, lol

Point being I was at 2:1 at the 24 pip level so that should be enough. At least take half off and move SL to BE. Feels like a wasted set up now. Gotta be on your A game in this biz

--- 帖子 #152 ---
Haha Yeah I know. I closed it at BE actually. I just feel that if we micromanage we won't get very much per trade mate! But you should really do what you feel is best for you, I might test it as well.

Did the USDCHF hit SL for you too?

--- 帖子 #153 ---
Explosive pair, nice! Really moving now!

--- 帖子 #154 ---
For us who use TDI as entry, moving stoploss to BE at B is too soon, do you have other micromanaging levels that work good? Or we should only use the C and A?

--- 帖子 #155 ---
Yes it did, same thing. I didn't take anything off the table as it was green but not that green yet. Still, for me if I'm green 10-15 pips on a smaller time frame, it is best to take some profit, move SL to BE.

Remember, smaller time frames, these aren't some monumental shift in fundamentals, just a re-balancing of the physics of price, for the lack of a better term

--- 帖子 #156 ---
GU H1

how about a reverse on 161.8% outside the sweet zone ?

--- 帖子 #157 ---
On the image you posted there isn't really an X-leg. Remember that the X must be located on the lower trendline!

--- 帖子 #158 ---
I think that will vary from trader to trader. For me, a lot depends on the pair and the time frame. As an example, on that EUR/NZD trade point B is already about 30 pips whereas on less volatile pairs point B may only be 10 pips. Plus, the angle of the structure dictates how many pips each level will be

--- 帖子 #159 ---
I see, I will most likely just divide the area from X to entry in 3 equal parts and put some profit at each one of them, see picture (green lines)

--- 帖子 #160 ---
yes well pointed there is also no convergence with AC XB, my bad

--- 帖子 #161 ---
Your x-leg here is also not visible? It's very close to your B or 3 leg.

--- 帖子 #162 ---
Trading view is the most amazing platform for our king of technical analyse, you probably notice that there is also an xabcd tools !

nice set up btw, missed it, but gl for your trade mate.

--- 帖子 #163 ---
That's why me map it out first and post it, more eyes looking to keep us all learning and moving forward

--- 帖子 #164 ---
Sorry, I was lazy and didn't mark it out. Yes it is, but still the B leg is above the X.

--- 帖子 #165 ---
Yup, that's a work of art right there, beautiful. As I stated in the beginning, Wolfe waves are often the end points of larger harmonic structures.

--- 帖子 #166 ---
Expo have you ever tried to take profit when the TDI crosses back up again?

--- 帖子 #167 ---
No I haven't. On bigger time frames the trade could be back to BE by the time the cross happens anyways. Just look at my AUD/CAD trade as it reverses here for a bit. trade might even be in the red when TDI crosses back

--- 帖子 #168 ---
Scaled out on the way up but ultimately price reached the target line. This is why we play the game....260 pip move

EUR/GBP DAILY CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #169 ---
Been stalking this one since last week. Don't know if we will make it to completion here, anther 120 pips to go. Ready and waiting to start scaling in at the 161FIB

GBP/JPY DAILY CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #170 ---
Using this strategy must be great in a trend. Look at the chart below. The blue lines show an outzoomed wolfe wave. Look at the big bearish trend continuing right when the pattern hits the sweet zone. Thinking about only trading them in line with the higher timeframe's trend... That way we can aim for a much higher RR.

Update: Added the second chart as one more example. USDJPY trade from last friday. We would already be in about 1:5 (and that is when using the TDI cross when entering!), aiming for about 1:8 due to previous structure.

Update 2: One more. The EURNZD chart I uploaded a couple of hours ago. Will move my stops to BE after 1:2 RR has been hit and then let the whole position run. I think we get more than enough setups to filter them using trend. Just 1 trade per day is more than enough.

--- 帖子 #171 ---
Absolutely. The possibilities are only limited by our imaginations.

You can also use the TDI green as a divergence tool. Notice the hidden divergence on that GBP/USD set up. Would have been a nice filter for some extra confidence for the entry.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #172 ---
Great input! Yeah that would have given us some confluence on the higher timeframe as well which is always good. Also, trading with the trend is a great situation to take partial profits in.

Loving this thread, keep up the good work everyone!

There was TDI confluence on my EURNZD trade as well! Also big pinbar only 1.5 hours from printing, good days.

Edit: Can we only use the green TDI line for divergence? If so, why?

--- 帖子 #173 ---
Hi,

Great thread. Keep on alive.

Just a question. Do you use standard setting for the ZIGZAGPIPS indicator? I put your template on GBPJPY daily chart and doesn't appears the last wave lines...

thank you

TONI

--- 帖子 #174 ---
Thank you Toni.

You can change the input setting on the "Extdepth" to show smaller waves. Sometimes you can't get the exact waves. In that case I just draw them manually and calculate the ABCD manually as well.

I had "Extdepth" on 3 for that chart

Cheers
Attached Image

--- 帖子 #175 ---
As I understand it, the TDI green is basically the same as the RSI on setting 13. See chart below for comparison
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #176 ---
Ahh I see, fair enough

--- 帖子 #177 ---
Awesome thread guys. I have been following for a couple of days, but just signed up to participate.

I have a question though. Do price have to enter the sweet zone in order to present an entry? What if price bounces on the top of the sweet zone?

For instance in the setup attached below. Btw, please do tell if the setup is off.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #178 ---
Not perfect due to the fib being a bit off but still fine:

--- 帖子 #179 ---
nzd/usd setup

--- 帖子 #180 ---
Expo33,

Would you give me a synopsis of the process you go through finding you WW setups.

Do you have multiple charts open on you MT4?  Do you start with one time frame

and move to a larger or smaller time frame based on what you observe?  How many

pairs do you concentrate on?  Periodically do you open up each chart to observe the

potential WW formation?   I know I have asked alot.  I am just trying to get an

understanding how to find the setups.  Thank you.

Alan

--- 帖子 #181 ---
Once a valid WW is formed what situations can invalidate it? TY

--- 帖子 #182 ---
Edit: Sorry, I missed that you wanted Expo's way of finding them. Feel free to read mine below!

Sure. If using the uploaded ZigZag indicator, the first step is to look for channel-like structures with converging trendlines (looking like the drawn images in the first post). If you find them, see if they fit the rules in the first post (for instance for a bearish setup the lower trendline needs to be steeper). Then map out the b-c line, fibonacci extension and the ABCD pattern to find the sweetzone. It's all in the first post.

The timeframe doesn't matter, we are only learning the pattern here. When finding the pattern we do not need to have multiple charts open either. I have two lists of pairs that I get lower spread on from my broker, and so they are better when trading 5-15 min patterns. For 30-min plus I scan almost all pairs (with all I mean the major crosses, it's about 20). I do this when I have time, about 2-4 times a day. It only takes a couple of minutes.

When we have found the setups we can start look at other things to filter them. We can look at different timeframes, RSI, divergence, trend, pretty much anything that gives us better confidence in the setup. Google "Forex Confluence" if you are not sure what I am talking about.

When I have found a proper setup I set an alarm just above the sweetzone so that I don't have to watch the pair every minute.

That's about it, good luck

--- 帖子 #183 ---
Edit: The way we want to trade the Wolfe Wave here is that the trade is not valid until we hit the Sweet zone. Just the Wolfe Wave is valid as long as the D breaks outside of the X-B trendline.

A WW is not really valid until we hit the sweet zone. If this zone is hit, it can only invalidate by moving too far from the wave (channel), hitting the stoploss (This means that it was more of a breakout than a fakeout).

If you mean before the sweetzone is hit, anything that invalidates the structure is invalidating the wave, for instance if price takes too long from wave A to B, or from C to D (meaning that there is no symmetry in the AB=CD pattern), if price is generally whipsawing so no clear wave can be seen (remember to not force the setups) or if it breaks any of the trendlines (an example is in the picture below.)

Take care!

--- 帖子 #184 ---
AUDCHF 4H
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Do you mean that the WW ist not valid till the price reaches the sweet zone? What about if the price touches the BD-Line somewhere without reaching the sweet zone?

--- 帖子 #185 ---
Was tracking the same trade and now it has been triggered. Good luck

NZD/USD 30MIN CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #186 ---
Hi Dublo,

If price bounces before entering the sweet zone it is still a valid Wolfe wave. You could enter on the TDI cross.

You're set up is perfect with nice symmetry too!

--- 帖子 #187 ---
Hell Expo33, just referring your first post WWs with extremely steep angles tend to reverse at the 200 to 261 fib extensions
This one looks like very steep. What do you think? Is it wise to wait till the price reachs fib200?

NZDJPY 1H

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #188 ---
Any pair and any time frame from 5 minutes to weekly.

Every day I start fresh. The only charts I leave up from the previous day are those that are still valid Wolfe waves that are still developing in the D leg.

I start with the majors and work my way through the list. A quick glance at the higher time frames and on down through the lower time frames. Since I do this every day I usually can skip many of the higher time frames because I already know there isn't any potential set up.

Generally speaking throughout the day you will be looking for hourly, 30 minute, 15 minute, and 5 minute set ups. The 4H and up set ups take so much longer you just need to map it once and monitor t for days or possibly weeks.

A good exercise is to pull up any pair and scroll thru a lower time frame as far back as you can and look for WWs and map them out. Just to see where the reversal happened and what the final result was.

Feel free to post any set ups you think are valid and we would be happy to check them out for you.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #189 ---
Nice chart mate.

Actually the wave doesn't have to enter the sweet zone to be valid. Here is a chart from Bill Wolfe's web site showing CWW that doesn't actually enter the sweet. straight from the founder himself

http://www.wolfewave.com/an_illustra..._the_rules.htm

--- 帖子 #190 ---
The AB=CD is right there at 79.26 I would either be in now with SL below the 200FIB, or since liquidity is very low this time of day you could monitor and wait for a TDI cross on the 30 minute time frame.

My spread on Oanda at the moment is 10 pips. Every day at around 2pm PST in the US spreads on minor pairs is pretty big for 30 minutes or so. I don't know how it is with your broker, but something to consider.

--- 帖子 #191 ---
Thanks, Expor33. I enjoy this forum. Things start to bee clear slowly. Especially combing WW with Fib. I appreciate your great effort to make this tread very active. I would like also to thank Krossaren96 for his excellent Kontribution.

--- 帖子 #192 ---
nzd/jpy is actually the same thing but i dont want to risk double on same currency pairs of nzd.

BTW, i'm seeing strong resistance on nzd/usd at 0.6990. Will exit all there.

--- 帖子 #193 ---
You're welcome.

We appreciate you being here as well. This thread is meant to be interactive and personal. We are all in this together, just trying to sharpen each other's skills. New ideas and filters emerge through the sharing of knowledge and ideas

Cheers

PS. Looks like the TDI crossed on the NZD/JPY 30 minute, keeping an eye on the hourly now

--- 帖子 #194 ---
Good way of thinking mate.

--- 帖子 #195 ---
I stand corrected, I added this line to my post: Edit: The way we want to trade the Wolfe Wave here is that the trade is not valid until we hit the Sweet zone. Just the Wolfe Wave is valid as long as the D breaks outside of the X-B trendline.

So future readers don't get confused.

--- 帖子 #196 ---
A setup looking good: The 30-min NZDUSD chart that was shared by CrocodileRex, having nice trendline confluence, divergence and uptrend on the daily. I'm Long if the TDI crosses up on the 30-min!

Edit: Triggered Long

--- 帖子 #197 ---
JPY GDP coming out in a couple of hours, be safe mate!

--- 帖子 #198 ---
Thank you very much mate. For me engaging and helping (with what I know) is developing my WW skills as well. Keep up the good work!

--- 帖子 #199 ---
Hello again,

I want to ask you why it looks so diferent the same template and same settings in NZDUSD M30 Chart?? Or do you use diferent settings here in M30??

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

thank you in advance, you are a great helper!

TONI

--- 帖子 #200 ---
He sometimes changes the settings to fit the waves better. Try changing the ExtDepth setting to different values and see if you find the correct one. If that doesn't work I am sure he will answer as soon as he comes back online.

--- 帖子 #201 ---
Thanks Ex and Kross for the detailed explanations of your setup procedures.

--- 帖子 #202 ---
It's a pleasure mate!

--- 帖子 #203 ---
Hi Mate.

Maybe your "extdepth" is set at 3 or 6. Mine is set at 12. I change that setting around to see if I can get it to line up with the waves I am mapping. Sometimes though, you can't get it to match perfectly so I just draw the waves manually and figure out the pip movement manually as well to find the AB=CD completion level.

For my chart this is what it is set at. Hope that helps
Attached Image

You can play around with that setting. Try 3,6,12,18,24 and see how the waves change just to get a feel for it

--- 帖子 #204 ---
Welcome mate, keep at it!

--- 帖子 #205 ---
Non WW related, I actually have a long term position from .6690-50 based on this important level and some other fundamentals.....and the infamous Quasimodo pattern (seriously, forex traders can't make up enough patterns!)

Hope we get a recovery here, a break below could get ugly! A break here would open up the door back down to .6680-60 area

NZD/USD DAILY
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #206 ---
Mapped and tracking

GBP/USD 15MIN CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #207 ---
Hello friend and thank you for using the template.

I'm sorry I must have missed your post. For that chart under "inputs" I had the "exdepth" setting on 6. I think the default is set at 12 so it isn't showing the smaller waves. I change that  setting to try and fit the zigzag to the waves I am mapping, like 3,6,12,18,24

Hope that helps

Cheers

--- 帖子 #208 ---
Hi all what do you think about this set up ? seems nice for me, be ready
UJ H1

--- 帖子 #209 ---
Not a WW mate

B has to be lower than X, and C would be lower than A. This would be a bullish set up so the wave would have to be descending, lower lows, lower highs

Keep referring to the diagram in post #1 and keep practicing, eventually it will be like riding a bike, you'll know it instinctively

Like this:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #210 ---
yes sure buddy still missing precision, will try to be more precise from now, still practicing with smaller lot until i will found perfects set up

--- 帖子 #211 ---
AC trend line breakdown. Into the scrap heap it goes.

--- 帖子 #212 ---
Expo33 could you have a look on this  example - GY M30, what do you think you will do, will you buy D @161,80 % fibo outside the sweet zone or @ 200% fibo on a previous Support look left, or both or none ?!!

Could also found a tdi divergence @ both 16.8 and 200% fibo

--- 帖子 #213 ---
This is almost a parallel wave, XB is nearly horizontal. Difficult to trade especially with this volatile pair. Hard to say in hindsight if I would have traded this, but if I did I would have been in from 127 to 141 and would have been stopped out.

--- 帖子 #214 ---
Ready for London

--- 帖子 #215 ---
It has already happened but I want to make sure I understood it correctly. Also where do you place your SL, and is the TP a bit too steap in my chart?

--- 帖子 #216 ---
Mapped, stalked and triggered. Scaled in a little early as this was a steep sweet zone

AUD/CHF 30MIN CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #217 ---
Looks perfect. I would put the SL maybe 10 pips above the 161FIB. Considering you are targeting what looks like nearly 100 pips, a SL of 20 pips would be plenty of breathing room for this trade and a very nice RR. Always can scale out a little if things change as price moves down.

The wave itself looks a bit rough with the price chop but what I like is the symmetry of time and length. For example, XA and BC similar length and time, also AB and CD very similar length and time.

Thanks for posting, looks like your right on target here. Also thank you for using the template and marking everything out. Also showing the time frame, date, and price is awesome so I can find the wave on my platform easier.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #218 ---
starting to have nice reversal candle pattern on this one on 161.8% fibo

--- 帖子 #219 ---
Hopefully, but a lot of pressure on commodity currencies right now. Just need to weather the storm

--- 帖子 #220 ---
Scaled in 2 of 3 position triggered.

USD/CAD 1H CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #221 ---
EURJPY 4H chart.  Mid-way through the final move maybe

--- 帖子 #222 ---
Hello everyone

I have one question

why you set SL here ?

--- 帖子 #223 ---
The SL is on the chart.

--- 帖子 #224 ---
my nzd/usd took profit for half position and the other half stopped out at b/e. Still don't know how to manage the positions here.

Am in at aud/chf also but didn't look so good. Stoploss was almost reached. We'll see.

u/cad was nice expo33. I didn't manage to catch it. Please post next time if you see any setup yeah?

--- 帖子 #225 ---
Good move on the Kiwi trade. I did the same. These trades sometimes are like scalps. A nice 20 pip bounce, take some profit, move SL to BE  and then hope for the home run to the target line.

Same deal on AUD/CHF. Weathered the initial momentum past the AB=CD level. Just looking for that 20 pip bounce then micro management.

Yea I had the UCAD all mapped out but got tied up on the phone. Then my 5 year old woke up and needed daddy time so I never got it posted before it triggered.

Anyways, I think you're managing very well, kind of the same thought process I have. Very conservative. We don't need a home run every time to make this business become very lucrative. For me 30 pips a day is more than enough.

--- 帖子 #226 ---
Missed this eur/nzd trade. To the pip short at 1.27. Good for 35-40 pips. I found out that taking the first retrace at 1.27 or 1.41 is usually best. Like the u/cad trade right now. Would not short anymore since the pair moved more than 10pips already.

It's easier to see in hindsight though.

--- 帖子 #227 ---
That one is closer to an AWW (anti Wolfe wave) which we haven't really gotten into yet. Looks like XB and AC are a degree or 2 from converging so a slightly expanding wave, still works well though.

Same principle but the sweet zone in reverse sort of speak. Entry is usually right at the parallel extension line or a little bit past it and it usually falls on the 113 or 127 just because the nature of the expanding wave structure

Here is a home run example

EUR/USD 4H AWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Another example of an anti Wolfe wave, a home run too (hindsight home runs are easy)

NZD/USD 4H AWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #228 ---
so, anti wolfe wave is basically XB and AC converging in a very small degree? I mean, if you drag it out to monthly timeframe, they do converge eventually.

I see not much difference there as long as X is in the middle of B and C, i think it's a go? I am actually more focused on the fibo ratio of 1.27 ti 1.61.

--- 帖子 #229 ---
Not completely agree with this, will try to explain with my poor English, drawing complex tool like ab=cd to catch 10-20% of the move is a little bit pity imho, that also mean that your 30 pips profit are with larger lot (with or without leverage) but it require perfect entries that is difficult with the sweet zone, also with this kind of strategy your R:R is becoming in the best case at 1:1 and will loose the benefit of ab=cd, you will in this case found better scalping system that will give you 30 pips /day stress free.

But may be we could have the best of the 2 world  as crocodileRex mentioned previously a difficult part is to manage the trade, since we enter short at for example 161.80% we already know that first support we will found are xb line, later B horizontal line X level etc....

My idea is when i enter on fibo % i already prepare to tp may be 80% +be at xb line if price reacted as reversal what about using a sell stop 2 pips below this new Low ? the stop loss will be also differents than the 1st trade because we have new Lower High. This could be repeat to the next support level B, hope i was clear, will join a charts with description if you are interested, just my 2cents.

--- 帖子 #230 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #231 ---
Same structure as far as higher highs, higher lows as in the examples I posted except on the Anti Wolfe wave XB and AC NEVER converge. Look at the examples I posted, XB is the red line at the top

--- 帖子 #232 ---
All we are doing is taking partial profits and moving SL to BE for the rest of the positions. Over time averaging in trades that make the target line the risk reward is much higher than 1:1

TP strategy and RR scenarios vary from trader to trader depending on your risk profile, acct size, etc etc

In that Kiwi trade we take 20 pips on 1/3 to 1/2 of our position. If we didn't, we incur the full loss of all positions as the trade reversed and moved below our initial SLs.

If finding stress free scalp systems that made 30 pips easy a day then we'd all be able to start with a 2k acct and be millionaires in a couple of years

But hey, you have to do what works for you

--- 帖子 #233 ---
Perfect! I like your SL and target too.

Just a thought. The AB=CD completion is about 5 pips short of the 161FIB. Higher time frames especially, I would break my total risk amount up and scale in with 3 positions starting at the 141FIB and ending at the 161FIB, kind of like dollar cost averaging. There is about 20 pips between those two levels so every 6 or 7 pips another position. Gives you a better total buy in price and lessens your risk. The down side is price may reverse before the 161FIB and your total position would be smaller. If the trade ended up a winner, then you'd make less

--- 帖子 #234 ---
Thanks

--- 帖子 #235 ---
Not sure how I missed this home run. Must have forgotten to scan oil yesterday.

WTI CRUDE 1H CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #236 ---
Shorted this 1-min wolfe wave a couple of minutes ago, currently at 1:1 RR. Stoploss is on the chart and reward is at 1:10RR. The trend on the GBPUSD is very bearish, hence the big RR. 5 pips stoploss, 50 tp, let's hope it works  The 1-min is not my favorite timeframe but as hitting a 1:10RR on a 30-min chart or higher will take days or even weeks I am looking to get more familiar with the lowest timeframes.

I would love it if you guys could upload any wolfe waves (that haven't completed yet) that you find on the 1-15 min chart as I am going to do some statistics on these patterns on the low timeframes and it will be faster if I get some help. Thanks!

Edit: Stopped out for -1%.

--- 帖子 #237 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #238 ---
Hi, im new to this thread. I spotted this set up on GBPAUD. Any thoughts?

I threw in hidden divergence just for the heck of it *lol

--- 帖子 #239 ---
It's good except for the part that the trendlines need to be going in the same direction. So the lower trendline should face downwards!

(Which isn't possible in your setup, meaning that it is an invalid Classic WW)

--- 帖子 #240 ---
Missed that, but got it now! Thanks for your prompt respons!

--- 帖子 #241 ---
Real good info on this thread ,  What are your thoughts on the X-B line being flat.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #242 ---
XB line being flat is the parallel Wolfe wave (PWW) from post #1 that we haven't discussed yet. I have been studying these working on entry strategies.

Very tradable pattern though

--- 帖子 #243 ---
Updated calendar and template

--- 帖子 #244 ---
Hi expo

I am not familiar with the TDi-RT-clone indi.

Can you please give an explanation on what all the components on dashboard on right mean and also all the different levels in the main window, I know one is rsi :-)

TIA

--- 帖子 #245 ---
Here is a basic overview of the TDI
Attached File(s)   The TDI indicator - overview and settings.fxdaytrader.pdf

68 KB
|
880 downloads

Here is a little more in depth explanation of each element. Starts on page 32
http://www.forexmt4.com/_MT4_Systems...mics/TDI_1.pdf

For the TDI anglelator on the bottom right, it basically tells you the trend for each tine frame as well as the RSI conditions and a little bit more. I suggest you take a look at the inputs, it is somewhat self explanatory. For example, why the different colors for each number. It relates to how oversold or overbought price is on that particular time frame. Just scroll through the inputs and it will become clearer.

Hope that helps

--- 帖子 #246 ---
TThanks Expo

--- 帖子 #247 ---
You're welcome. I should probably update post #1 with this info.

Also the second line with the different dot colors is related to the TDI separation strength

--- 帖子 #248 ---
Not much screen time today. Taking a little shot here

EUR/AUD 15MIN CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #249 ---
Another little scalp try

EUR/NZD 15MIN CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #250 ---
was tracking this one also but didn't manage to short it. Was good for 15-25 pips. I was thinking of starting a group chat for wolfe wave discussion so that i won't miss future setups like this. Already pmed you regarding this expo.

Anyone interested in communicating via whatspp? It's faster and real time.

--- 帖子 #251 ---
Yea I moved my SL to BE and got stopped out.

I need to find some bigger time frame set ups where I can just set and let it go for awhile.

--- 帖子 #252 ---
I have been looking at most setups here during these few days and noticed that they were mostly good for 10-20 pips depending on currency volatility.

What i do now is to set a fixed stoploss for certain pairs. E.G, eur/usd i would set a fixed 10 pips stoploss and take profit. For more volatile pairs like eur/jpy, i would maybe set a 11-12 pips stoploss depending on the fibs.

I think this is much better than targeting the EPA line.

Just my 2 cents.

here's one setup forming for aud/cad. 11 pips sl and tp.

--- 帖子 #253 ---
Completely agree.

The smaller time frames especially are more like scalps. I am happy to make 30 pips a day.

--- 帖子 #254 ---
Time to change things up. Found what I call the anti Wolfe wave on a daily. Set and forget

NZD/CAD DAILY AWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #255 ---
Hope this gets filled

EUR/JPY 1H CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #256 ---
Too bad it turned at 1.41. Again, good for 20 pips if you entered at 1.41. Did you manage to get in?

--- 帖子 #257 ---
I refer you to my post yesterday (EURJPY H4) - sorry no chart, but it takes so long for my messages to appear.  I've attached a pdf of my chart which does not conform to your template but you should get the idea...

--- 帖子 #258 ---
Ugh, no it missed the first filled position by 3 pips, now it's already headed 30 pips south. A days work missed

My fault, I had a feeling it wouldn't make it all the way there, almost scaled in earlier. Oh well, took some pips from NCAD. Long oil now on my regular trading account so don't want to trade against myself

--- 帖子 #259 ---
Followed EurAud post with loses up to 80 pips. Finally cut my lost of only 20 pips.

--- 帖子 #260 ---
Any current EWCharts for USD/CAD ?    A previous chart was invalidated with the break higher.    ADP Employment figures out of the US on Wednesday were highly suspicious to me.   I see a big revision coming to this number , wouldn't be the first time.

Regards,

--- 帖子 #261 ---
Glad you only lost 20 pips. Just curious why you'd be down 80 pips on a 15 time frame. My SL was 15 pips or so.

Also, that trade initially was 20 pips in the green. For such a small time frame, I usually move my SLs to BE and take the free trade looking for the home run. Price rarely just blows through the sweet zone without looking back. There is almost always resistance and more often then not a reaction in the zone.

Anyways, I post the trades I'm getting into just as an illustration of how I go about trading the WWs. I hope everyone does their due diligence and develops a strategy that fits their personality and risk profile.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #262 ---
I'm assuming you mean Elliot waves? I don't have the knowledge to plot EWs, only Wolfe waves. At the moment, no Wolfe waves in development for UCAD.

--- 帖子 #263 ---
Great trade mate! That is the home run trade we dream about. Big time frame, big pips!

Are you having computer issues because I always read every post, but I noticed your posts appear well after I have read through the latests posts.

--- 帖子 #264 ---
interesting and subscribed

--- 帖子 #265 ---
Let's see:

--- 帖子 #266 ---
Hi, thanks I did try to point it out when I saw the good trade, but my posts get directed to 'manual moderation' to ensure they are fit for consumption!  Maybe one has to have x posts (?) before one is trusted...

Hey ho.  Hope you managed to catch some of the move

--- 帖子 #267 ---
both nzd/jpy and chf/jpy missed my entry by 1 pip. Meh, talk about bad luck. Well, on to the next one!

I have aud/chf and aud/nzd on limits now.

--- 帖子 #268 ---
I let it run. It's ok 20 pips. I have other trades in GU and EU that are profit. In the end, I still end up in green.

--- 帖子 #269 ---
Thankyou EXPO33 and MNOPQ.    Very much appreciated.

Cheers ,

GreenEarth

--- 帖子 #270 ---
USDJPY 15 min, not the best setup due to symmetry but it bounced perfectly off of the 161.8 fib so I'm in when the TDI crosses.

--- 帖子 #271 ---
AUDJPY 5 min quick, very nice setup:

I'm short when the TDI crosses down!

Update: Triggered short

Update 2: Stopped out

--- 帖子 #272 ---
Not sure what your point is, maybe just showing a failed Wolfe wave?

Anyways, we can learn a lot by looking at failed WWs. For instance on this particular WW note:

1) The AB=CD completion level is 13 pips above the previous 2 month high, so taking this trade is potentially trading against a significant breakout level.

2) After the ABCD level was barely hit, if you look at the lower time frame, price initially bounced back down, as it so often does, to about 17 pips in the green. That's why I like to take at least 1/3 of my position off the table in profit and move the SLs to BE for the remaining 2/3's. Gives you a guaranteed small win with the potential for a home run. Otherwise, as was the case here, price reversed back up and blew out the original SLs and you incur the full value loss of the initial trade.

3) From a fundamental perspective, a different animal altogether, commodity prices, especially oil, have been selling off recently so going against that trend (i.e. shorting UCAD) is risky business

USD/CAD 1H FAILED CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #273 ---
Yes, I think that is the case. Even though you signed up a while back. You should be able to post directly soon enough. If not, I'd send support a quick email

--- 帖子 #274 ---
It's a cruel world sometimes!

--- 帖子 #275 ---
Good to hear!

--- 帖子 #276 ---
Waiting for the TDI cross is a good thing here for sure. Still, you're potentially fighting against the current. Zoom out to the 1HOUR and look at what's going on at 114.94, a significant breakout area. Look where that line is on your 15 minute chart. Bulls will be looking to get long on retest of 114.94, bears getting short on a break below that level. 115.36 the next significant high
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #277 ---
From the first post, beware small time frames during low liquidity

--- 帖子 #278 ---
I don't really expect this to get filled but nonetheless I wanted to share it. Also, I will scale in a bit early as it is likely there will be major supply as we get into 140.46 area, if we even make it that far

This a really good example of trying to short into the major resistance instead of trying to short after a break of major resistance.

GBP/JPY 15MIN CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I stripped the same chart of everything but the AB=CD completion line and zoomed out on the hourly to show what I meant in my recent posts about major resistance. If the AB=CD completion line is above the major resistance and we are trying to short, then we are really playing with fire. Instead our AB=CD is exactly THE major resistance, so I am scaling in bit early. Also, we know where our SL will be. Clearly as the charts shows, if 140.46 breaks then 140.73 is pretty likely, so we can go smaller position size and bigger SL above 140.73, or what I will do is scale in early and SL will be 140.60 area.

Hopefully the chart illustrates a little better what I'm trying t say

GBP/JPY HOURLY ZOOM SHOT FOR MAJOR RESISTANCE ANALYSIS
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #279 ---
Just found this Wolfe on 233 tick chart.

--- 帖子 #280 ---
i don't really like this formation here because i think the BC is too steep/short. Good luck anyway. Also, if i were you, i would enter at 1.618 instead of 2.0 there.

--- 帖子 #281 ---
Better not to trade before NFP. High volatility and stop lost hunting.

--- 帖子 #282 ---
Thanks. Yea, the symmetry isn't that pleasant.

This trade is more about the previous S/R. This is the dragon, an explosive pair, so don't want to enter to early. My thinking was scale in 10 pips shy of the AB=CD. Bulls will be targeting 140.73. My soldiers are lined up from 140.36 to completion at 140.46 and are ready to do battle!

All 3 positions are now filled. As the young kids say these days, I say to the dragon....."come at me bro"

--- 帖子 #283 ---
Nice. As we say around here, we are only constrained by our imagination. If the tick chart works for you, then have at it and trade safe

--- 帖子 #284 ---
Certainly on smaller time frames that is true.

However if we have a 4h or daily set up on leg D, the NFP might just be the catalyst that gets our positions filled. But true also is having no position also a position.

--- 帖子 #285 ---
UKX H4 - a setup to stalk.  The premise would be a strong rejection of the all time high at a confluence of measured move targets based on higher time frame charts.  Indeed, if the move ensues then it could be the start of something much, much bigger....
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #286 ---
Looks like it has potential.

Just as a housekeeping detail, this wave doesn't converge so not a "classic" Wolfe wave but fits what I call the "anti" Wolfe wave, fancy way of saying lines XB and AC don't converge.

Thanks for posting, will track this.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #287 ---
GBP/NZD H1

--- 帖子 #288 ---
EUR/NZD M30

--- 帖子 #289 ---
Without any comments or explanation, I don't understand your entry strategy. Clearly both are far beyond the AB=CD level. Care to let us in on your strategy?

--- 帖子 #290 ---
Here's a nice one i took earlier. Sorry i didn't post the setup earlier. 10 pips to the pip.

This might be a anti wolfe wave as you called it or a very parallel one but well, i gues i am fine with whatever makes me the dough.

Also, for those who are still having a hard time to find the wolfe waves formation, i recommend this pacman setup with two open mouths like the picture. It's easier to spot like this. Draw the remaining lines after.

--- 帖子 #291 ---
USDCHF H4 - Maybe.  I'm not totally convinced, but then again I detest trading Swissy.  What #I would say is that on Thursday 16th, the bears had a sell the close bear trend and the market has not been back to test the close of the bar around 9970 so that would be a magnet in my view and, therefore, ammunition for the case for a bear move at some point....
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #292 ---
[quote=salamanda74;9651075]USDCHF H4 - Maybe. I'm not totally convinced, but then again I detest trading Swissy. What #I would say is that on Thursday 16th, the bears had a sell the close bear trend and the market has not been back to test the close of the bar around 9970 so that would be a magnet in my view and, therefore, ammunition for the case for a bear move at some point.... {image}[/quote

USD/CHF H4

--- 帖子 #293 ---
Interesting way of thinking about it! Another way, without having to draw lines is to visualise a stairs type pattern.  These patterns generally occur after the strong phase of a trend; when a 'broad channel' has established - it will all depend on your time frame as to what 'broad' means.  At any rate, it would be a weaker stage of a trend.  So for a weak  bull trend / broad bull channel after every high, the bears are shorting and able to make money by taking the market back down below the prior major high.  As the bulls get weaker and the bears get stronger, the pullbacks get deeper and that is the harbinger of a bear move as eventually the bulls will run out of steam.  So I see that as the driver for the change in trend.  The Wolffe wave pattern, for me, is interesting, but I don't actually trade it - it's fun to find the patterns though! The other factors (bull / bear pressure) are what I feel are more important to get a grasp of.

--- 帖子 #294 ---
After a lackluster week, I finally got the home rune type trade.

I didn't notice it when I posted it, but my this 15 minute GJ WW also had a larger WW on the hourly, both completing nearly to the pip at 140.46. As stated initially, major previous S/R at that level. Loaded up 5 positions total and have taken 80 pips each from the first 3 and will let the last 2 run into next week.

Interesting to note: On the GBP?JPY thread the experts for this pair were focused on the 140.7 as the next resistance but the power of the Wolfe strikes again!

GBP/JPY 1H CWW UPDATE
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #295 ---
To all of the traders that have stopped by this thread: Thanks for all of the posts this week!

I am going to start a demo on my FxChoice account where all of the trades are exclusively Wolfe wave set ups. Even though only a demo, it would be a good way to track the potential of this strategy, and a good way to build some confidence without risking any real money.

Anyone else interested, maybe give it a try if you want. Demo super hero bragging rights on the line. I'll set one up with 10,000 using 1% max risk per trade (meaning that's the total for all positions for each particular set up) with 200:1 leverage. A good broker to do it with too. They use the New York closing candles and have unlimited demo time.

Have a great weekend everyone!

--- 帖子 #296 ---
Yes, we can learn if we have a good teacher. Non AB=CD wolfe waves

--- 帖子 #297 ---
euro.. had to wait 1 more swing from original plan. but yes it worked, clean wave 6

--- 帖子 #298 ---
Yes, AB=CD is not a requirement for WW or for entry. My point was, I didn't see any explanation for your entry point and was curious as to how you decide when you are going to enter the trade. After all, the D leg can go on indefintely

--- 帖子 #299 ---
Hope everyone had a nice weekend.

Just some thoughts going forward:

1) Patience - It may be cliche, but let the trade come to you. Considering all of the pairs, not to mention all of the smaller time frames, we could easily find 100 WWs in a week. BUT, we only need a couple of good trades a week to make consistent pips.

2) Dangerous trades - Big news, small time frames, low liquidity. We just have to pass on these WWs

3) Filters - When we were kids we knew the guy smoking the non filter Camel cigarette was a rebel. Why? Because we knew it was more dangerous to his health. Same in trading. If we don't have confluence with filters, then we don't have the necessary edge.

Speaking of filters, I spent my extra time this weekend going over about 100 completed WWs. I slapped a pitchfork on the last swing up to the D leg and found this to have great potential as another filter for entry. Especially for steep waves and higher time frames where entry can be difficult. Coupled with our other filters, this could be very powerful.

Cherry picked of course but just to show the idea:

CHF/JPY DAILY CWW - PITCHFORK FILTER
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #300 ---
EURUSD 4H

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #301 ---
Good luck. I have the same trade with smaller SLs and TPs. Hoping to get some positive pips before the Fed decision
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #302 ---
what do you think of this one? @expo33

--- 帖子 #303 ---
spotted this, any thoughts ?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #304 ---
Sorry been away all day. I don't have GOLD/EURO on my platform but what I can say is that XB and AC don't converge so not a classic Wolfe wave. Fits my definition of an anti Wolfe wave (AWW). Looks like it has corrected over 6 months but I can'treally make any reasonable comment other than that.

--- 帖子 #305 ---
Sorry out all day. Water under the bridge at this point but not a Wolfe wave as C is not lower than X. Please refer to the diagram on post #1
Attached Image

--- 帖子 #306 ---
ucad potential setup. (anti wolfe wave)

--- 帖子 #307 ---
Or a really messy classic wave
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #308 ---
Long way to go but would love to see this one come into play

AUD/CHF 4H CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #309 ---
I think your platform is metatrader, you may register a demo account with any broker(FXPRO has the symbol for sure) and see the Gold vs Euro chart. And you may also check it very easily on www.tradingview.com . it would be do kind of you if you give me some more info.

--- 帖子 #310 ---
yea, different broker feed. Your candle just ended up at the weekend start hour.

--- 帖子 #311 ---
potential aud/nzd trade. CWW.

--- 帖子 #312 ---
not an expert here but i think your X is wrong. The X should be at 1400 there making this an invalid wolfe wave.

--- 帖子 #313 ---
A bit late folks, but here's one on the FTSE (UKX) 2 min

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #314 ---
And another, sadly just completed AUDUSD 5min
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #315 ---
Good. Keep it up.

--- 帖子 #316 ---
Just for giggles, here's a possible monthly setup for EURUSD.  Suppose it depends on your own view of this currency pair as to whether you think this is likely or not.....maybe just a H&S flag which may lead to continuation
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #317 ---
UJ 5min has a few pips left so a pullback may provide a decent entry for some

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #318 ---
3 trades i did yesterday. 2 winners 1 loser. charts self-explanatory.

--- 帖子 #319 ---
Nice job Croc.

I saw that A/N but for some reason just couldn't pull the trigger

--- 帖子 #320 ---
A little late to the party but getting short here on retest of broken trend line

USD/JPY 15MIN CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #321 ---
The A/N wasn't nice actually. If i had pay more attention, i would not entered that trade. There was not enough harmonic pattern on it. Also, i shoulda entered at 2.0 there instead of 1.618.

--- 帖子 #322 ---
Subscribed...looking forward for the rest of WW explanation and trying to figure out how recognize them...

Thanks for sharing your knowledge Expo33!!

--- 帖子 #323 ---
That's what was bothering me, it was a bit rough around the edges. My gut said do it do it do it, but I decided stick to my plan and not rationalize. There are always other opportunities.

--- 帖子 #324 ---
We nickname you master Wolfe wave scalper! Keep those posts coming, good stuff!

--- 帖子 #325 ---
Looks nice. I didn't notice this setup also. Maybe i'm more focusing on the smaller swings. Didnt really zoom out for the big picture.

I noticed you have a higher risk:reward. As you know, i have a 1:1 ratio and for me, this usd/jpy is considered tested as it turned from the sweat zone for about 10-15 pips. I see that you are aiming for around 25 pips profit?

if this hits all your take profit, what is your ratio?

--- 帖子 #326 ---
I actually tend to manually manage the trades. I only set the TPs around the standard 2:1 ratio so I don't miss any major spikes when I am away from the screen for longer periods of time (of course I can manage from my phone too but have been really busy lately)

For smaller time frames like this trade, if the trade moves to 1:1 like 15 pips or so, I will take profit on a few positions and let the other 2 run with trailing stop or just move SL to BE. I am definitely conservative on my TPs as a rule. Actually trying to train myself to let the winners run, one of my many weaknesses. But on the flip side as I've mentioned before, these set ups aren't meant to be major reversals, just short term price bounces or as I like to say, temporary price attitude re-adjustments

--- 帖子 #327 ---
yea i get what you mean totally. For myself, i can't really seem to be fond of the idea of having many small open positions and let them run. Might be i am very paranoid and can't sleep at night aiming for the long run.

I guess a trader has to find what suits them the best. I am kinda a scalper, fast in, fast out. Better for health too i think. Well, the adrenalin rush during the trade is really something though especially when your stoploss is too small and the spread is sometimes killing you.

Was eating hypertension pills since few years back. Forex must have done alot to my poor body. Too late to get out now though.

oh guys, do meditation. It really helps me to release some stress. it really works.

Also, another thing good about this wolfe wave system is you really can map it out like expo33 said (thanks once again for this thread!). Draw the lines, wait for the price to hit and let it go. It takes patience for a trade to form and i think this system is really changing my habit to a better one. With all other free times, i can use to spend on watching some good movies.

GOLD in progress guys.

--- 帖子 #328 ---
Hi Expo, I was having a look at your setup and I have identified something that may be worth watching out for, but I am no expert - just learning.

Looking at the higher time frame charts there are various spikes and channels in operation and one such channel started on the 10th.  A retrace to the start of that channel would see a move to the higher rectangle shown on the inserted chart.  Apologies for all of the other dotted levels, but I have many S&R levels on my H1 charts.  The move between 6 and 8am this morning was quite strong (and was also a move from the bottom of a 15min channel to the top) and broke above a prior swing high / pivot at around 11498 and there is still a gap, which could be a measuring gap.  The leg leading up to that was 11498-11454=44 points so if that measuring gap stays open (or if there is obvious future support created by that gap), projecting up 44 points from 11498 would give a target of 11542 which is in the region of the channel retrace I referred to earlier.  Just my 2 penny worth and something to watch if your Wolfe Wave move doesn't get going.  I'm not saying it won't, but just something to bear in mind.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #329 ---
Thanks for the kind words. For me too, I like the mapping and waiting for price to come into the spiders web. Plus this fits my contrarian nature

--- 帖子 #330 ---
Another possibility for the gold trade?
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #331 ---
yes, but i considered that wave gone because price already retraced so much towards the EPA. I consider this as a successful wolfe wave already.

If i were to enter, it would be at 1200.40 but price never made it there so too bad.

--- 帖子 #332 ---
okey doke :-)

--- 帖子 #333 ---
Currently looking at back-testing a system for FTSE 100 stocks when I get chance and I came across this, which is possibly relevant for those who can trade UK shares.  Apologies if this is not wanted in the thread.  If too 'off-topic' just shout.

--- 帖子 #334 ---
I took profits before the target line but this one ended up being a text book CWW. AB=CD to the pip, FIB confluence and nice symmetry between AB and CD and also between XA and BC
USD/JPY 15MIN CWW RESULT
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #335 ---
My first attempt....lets see how it goes......

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #336 ---
Watching how this 1 reacts, dont know if it will pop thru.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #337 ---
i was in this one but i chickened out at +6. Because i was heavily leveraged on nzd/usd on a bad trade on another system. I coulda gotten +10 on aud/usd though. I was too drunk and not in a good condition to trade anymore for tonight. Gotta stop now.

I'm telling you expo, this wolfe wave thing is really something here but maybe it is too early to tell. I'll gather more datas as this thread progresses.

--- 帖子 #338 ---
Hey Croc a win is a win, good for you.    I grabbed it at top because it was moving up pretty fast.  Not sure on the pip total, does this total 121 or 12 pips.

I mostly trade futures,  it seems theres many more opportunities in forex.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #339 ---
Nicely done!

I love the bounce factor because it gives you the option to take some profit off the table and/or move the SLs to BE for a free run at the home run target line

--- 帖子 #340 ---
Agree, the WW has unlimited potential. I am still studying past and present charts to find some additional filters.

So far I haven't anytime for the screen today so no trades as of yet

Probably won't do anything with US pairs until after the Fed tomorrow.

--- 帖子 #341 ---
The set up from last Friday

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Thanks Expo33. It seems, yours "good luck" wish is going to be real.
All my 3 Stop limits are triggered. After that the price moves almost 100 pips downwards. Alltogether, 230 pips from the 3 setups.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #342 ---
UADJPY 4H

I missed this setup.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #343 ---
NZDUSD 30min

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #344 ---
Well done! Good to see some positive results.

--- 帖子 #345 ---
In my opinion, you did not miss this setup as this is not a valid one.

Notice how AB is not equal to CD. For a good wolfe wave to complete, CD has to be equal or bigger/stronger than AB. Also, the perfect one is to enter somewhere when BD touched or price "pierced" through BD.

The second leg in this example is clearly shorter than AB.

Someone correct me if i am wrong. At least that's my definition of a good harmonic wolfe wave pattern. Still learning here also.

--- 帖子 #346 ---
Very clean structure so far. Who knows, maybe the FED won't cut or they will cut with super dovish rhetoric. If this gets there, I'll be waiting

EUR/USD 4H CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #347 ---
Hard to say without having taken Bill Wolfe's course. In all of the free online resources that I looked at, I never saw any mention of it as a necessary element to entry. The charts I saw just said that price more often than not pierces into the sweet zone. The AB=CD was just something that I thought would act as another layer of confluence, especially since the sweet zone on higher time frames can be 100-300 pips. This was my main question as I tried to learn on my own. Where exactly do you enter inside the sweet zone?

As we have discussed a few times here already, other filters are surely needed for confluence and conformation. Right now I am looking at pitchforks, especially for flatter waves. Also, I think that Gann angles could be a very powerful tool in conjunction with WWs. I am trying to find a good free online study guide to learn more about Gann angles and fans. Creativity is only limited by our preconceptions of how it supposed to be done.

That's why wanted this thread to be learning journey for pros and newbies alike. Surely, anyone at anytime could come up with a brilliant new way of thinking. So far I am very pleased and encouraged by all of participation here.

The old saying, "United we stand, divided we fall" is very appropriate here at FF. I see way to many threads where ego trumps ego where people are too busy tearing each other down. The purpose here is to lift each other up.

--- 帖子 #348 ---
Thank You. Expo33 to bring my attention on WW once again now this time I am trying to demo this strategy and till now its working fine hope it will give massive pips on live trade also. below is some trade taken on demo, also I want to do some experiment on maximize the take profit.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Stay Green.

Thank You.

$

--- 帖子 #349 ---
Good example here on yet another USD/JPY 15 minute set up ( this pair has been acting in a very harmonic way lately). Was away from home and missed this one.

Reversal starts just barely as price pierces the sweet zone, 3 pips short of AB=CD completion. Not a big deal even on this smaller time frame. Certainly no reason not to scale in from 141-161 FIB with a 10-15 pip SL above the 200FIB. A nice little 20+ pip bounce scalp if you will. In hindsight of course, but still always a lesson to be learned.

Notice the pitchfork acts as a nice filter as price perfectly touches the median line right on the trend line.

Sorry if this chart is a little "busy" on the eyes, just wanted to show the pitchfork

USD/JPY 15MIN CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #350 ---
You're welcome Shad4u2 and thanks for posting here.

I also started up a new demo just to test out some new filter strategies.

--- 帖子 #351 ---
Hi Expo33, first compliments for what you're doing here. I'm not a fan of counter trend trades, but I like your attitude and the way you presented yourself so I'm following your interesting thread, trying lo learn as much as I can.

I must say that I'm quite ready to do my first WW attempt on higher TF (mostly due to lack of time).

Have you ever considered to use fib pivots as another layer? I found them useful, more than the traditional pivots, and are in line with harmonic structure you usually look for. I attach the indi I use, a friend of mine passed me some time ago and it's very flexible.

--- 帖子 #352 ---
Nicely done, sir.

--- 帖子 #353 ---
Hi L.m, welcome and thanks for the kind words.

Yes I have looked at many pivot indicators, Murray math levels, etc etc. They each have their merit. I love the simplicity of WWs, but also love the flexibility in how one can go about filtering and confirming trade entries.

Thanks for posting friend, look forward to any higher time frame set ups you find.

--- 帖子 #354 ---
Mapped out and ready

EUR/AUD 30MIN CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #355 ---
Mapped out and ready

CAD/JPY 1HOUR CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #356 ---
shot selling E|A AB=CD

Long A | C

for long time

--- 帖子 #357 ---
Maybe get another leg down.  UKX 150Tick
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #358 ---
USDCHF 5min maybe ready to go
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #359 ---
USDJPY 5min
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #360 ---
Bund Daily Chart.  Channel overshoot and 3 bar reversal with a pretty juicy signal bar.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #361 ---
Hi dodeena. I traded the AUDCHF setup last week and it is still going on the direction of my wish.
I was happy how the prediction works.
I attached setup from my previous post 184, for reference.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #362 ---
Good morning Expo, what about a new try with tick volume . Bill Wolf put more emphasis on the volume. Accordioning to the PDF it is released, he would even reluctant to trade unless formation of point 5 is supported by heavy volume. Point 5 is wave D in our situation.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attachment g

--- 帖子 #363 ---
Dear Expo :

I was reading this excellent thread all the way from the first page , and i hoped that you would discuss and teach us more about what was mentioned in the first post eg:

PWW = PARALLEL WOLFE WAVE
AWW = ANTI WOLFE WAVE

that would be great if you write a little bit on these items too.

are there other variant of ww that can be traded??

As far as i got till now ,ww is part of a very larger group of Harmoinc patterns ,am i right ??

do you trade other harmonics ??

--- 帖子 #364 ---
good morning Trader 16,03,17

Shot selling EJ AB=CD and Shot selling CJ

TF 4H

THX Bro

--- 帖子 #365 ---
Hello. Pls share your view of AUDUSD, NZDUSD, and USDCHF. And post some charts. Anybody?

--- 帖子 #366 ---
I don't trade the chfs. As for aud and nzd, i don't see any good ones coming up. Especially after the fomc decision yesterday. I think it's wise to wait for the majors to form their own structures for a while. Maybe tomorrow might be good.

Meanwhile, i am focusing on crosses today. Not much setups so far.

--- 帖子 #367 ---
Thanks. Any charts?

--- 帖子 #368 ---
Yes I know he did. The problem is he didn't trade forex, he traded securities where true volume is known. In forex we don't have a centralized market to know the true volume.

I do however look at the MFI (Bill Williams Market Facilitation Index)

--- 帖子 #369 ---
Hi Parviz, sorry been super busy all day just sat down to look at some charts and read new posts.

Yes, I think WWs in many instances are part of larger harmonic structures. And yes I have studied many harmonic structures over the years. I just like the simplicity of the WW and so I decided to focus on this one simple structure. I decided to try and be really good at one thing instead of being mediocre at many things.

I never got around to putting up a diagram for the AWW and PWW because the intent was to focus on the classic WW first. The anti wave was just something I noticed when studying 1000s of charts. I just gave it that generic name. I'm not sure but I believe Bill Wolfe traded parallel waves. I haven't taken his course so can't say for sure. However, I have seen others traders talk about it in other threads.

Here is an example of the AWW and PPW that I had saved on my computer. Not much different than the classic WW

AWW >> only difference is that line XB and AC are diverging, not converging, and because of this, the sweet zone is rarely penetrated as much as it is in the CWW. The AB=CD completion level tends to take place at the 113 or 127 FIB.

PWW >> only difference is that line XB is horizontal

When I get time I will try to update the first post with a diagram for each. Hope this helps for now.

EUR/USD 4H AWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

GBP/AUD 4H PWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #370 ---
I hesitated waiting for a better entry and missed this nice little bounce. Sometimes waiting for a few extra pips on entry can cost you a nice trade. Oh well, moving right along

USD/CHF 15MIN CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #371 ---
PLZ tell me your ideas about this one. @Expo33

--- 帖子 #372 ---
I mapped this out and starting tracking it yesterday

Per my own rules, my scale in zone would be from 107.60 - 107.90. My gut says it won't reach that price. If it does I will enter, if it doesn't I will pass and look for another set up.

--- 帖子 #373 ---
Expo, thanks for your chart.

I actually placed a buy entry @ 1.001 in asian session. Targeting 1.020. Then it just dropped to 0.990 in a minute. Then it dropped again to .985. I exited there, thinking it would drop to 0.960.

15 pips loss.

--- 帖子 #374 ---
May i share an opinion. Technically the chart looks bearish, since there is a leg hanging there without support. But market makers may think it should go up more.

Or maybe it just smoke screen for bear. A camouflage.

--- 帖子 #375 ---
Mapped and ready

USD/CAD 15MIN CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #376 ---
The structure is no good for me anymore so into the scrap pile it goes.

--- 帖子 #377 ---
Putting this trade on a tight lease. Parallel waves can be steep and tough to trade

NZD/CHF 30MIN PWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #378 ---
Hey Expo

thanks for all your hard work, I was just about to ask you if the sideways price action invalidated the USDCAD setup and you beat me to the punch.

I notice that  you have a lot of uncommon levels in the fib tool, in your experience are these all equally valid? Or are the regular levels more powerful?

Thanks again

keith

--- 帖子 #379 ---
You're welcome and thanks for posting.

Yes, the USD/CAD CD leg just started meandering too much and now has totally broken down below the AC trend line.

At one time or another I have read about all of the FIB levels that I use. I guess it all depends on who you talk to. Nothing beats good old trial and error. I think all of those levels are useful in a given situation. For me, the wave angle has a lot to do with it. If you can find 1000 valid WWs and then put the FIB extension on each one, you begin to see the same pattern repeating.

Here is a generic "cheat sheet" for some popular harmonic patterns. Notice every level I use is in there somewhere. Even the little used 141 level is in there (my personal favorite). If you google FIB levels, forex, etc you'll find some very good discussions on FIB levels

Hope that helps, time for some rest here. Cheers
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #380 ---
Possible setup

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #381 ---
FTSE 5min

--- 帖子 #382 ---
Just entered eur/cad. Not looking good so far.

--- 帖子 #383 ---
Lots of interesting setup. EURJPY, GBPJPY, GBPNZD all 8 hours and 2 hrs charts. Doesn't have time to analyze it. Feel sleepy.

--- 帖子 #384 ---
First two positions triggered. Back later tonight. Good luck everyone

EUR/USD 4H CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #385 ---
Thanks for the input

--- 帖子 #386 ---
Missed this one while I was sleeping but a good example of how the AB=CD can help with entry on steep angled waves. Takes the guess work out of the equation. Good for 40 pips, not bad for a 15 minute time frame. Also AB and CD legs show great symmetry.

USD/CAD 15MIN CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #387 ---
i wanna share my observation as of yesterday EURUSD 5m

--- 帖子 #388 ---
Interesting situation and one that comes up quite often on bigger time frames.

My NZD/CHF 30MIN bullish PWW trade is still active, however, a bearish CWW developed on the 15MIN time frame. What to do? If it were at or near the target line or TP area then it would be a no brainer. End the trade manually and take the profits.

But in this case, my original trade is kind of still in its infancy. Also, if the smaller bearish wave were to complete to the target line, it still wouldn't hit the SL for the original trade. So, I will let the trade run its course for now.

All in all, I think this scenario is a good illustration and something that WW traders should always be watching out for. Waves are constantly in motion. They should be respected and monitored with due diligence.

Original NZD/CHF 30MIN PWW trade showing the smaller wave
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Zoom shot of smaller NZD/CHF 15MIN CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #389 ---
Just scrolled back to find that wave, a little rough a round the edges but played out perfectly. Well done,I hope you traded it!

--- 帖子 #390 ---
Hi Croc.

I certainly don't have all the answers but just a couple of points in hindsight of course.

That was tough one. So much momentum in the D leg from such a volatile pair. Imho the symmetry was a bit off. It took 11 candles for the AB leg to complete. Then the AB=CD completion level was basically reached in 3 candles on the CD leg.

Also, not by much, but shorting above the nearest S/R instead of shorting "into" the S/R
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #391 ---
Very nice, thanks for posting fantom.

--- 帖子 #392 ---
Hello Expo33,

Thanks for your sharing!

I'm New to this method, is that PWW?

1 consolidation create a bottom

2 False breakout(may be?) At bottom

3 Flat consolidation use 113-127 AS entry
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

About TP, which lvl would like to use? normally?

--- 帖子 #393 ---
A little update. Got 5 positions filled on this one. Hopefully we can get some more downward momentum heading into the New York session. One home run WW on a higher time frame can make for a big month. I would love to get down to level B by market close today and move all positions to BE. That would put a good taste in my mouth for the weekend!

EUR/USD 4H CWW UPDATE
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #394 ---
I'm not sure what your first question is. If you are asking if the wave that fantom posted is a parallel Wolfe wave (PWW), then the answer is no. It's a classic Wolfe wave (CWW) because it's converging.

I don't understand what your asking or whats going on in your first chart

I posted a diagram in post #1 of how I take profit, especially for higher time frames where I have scaled in with multiple positions. It is a generic guideline. I think take profit strategy is personal to every trader and is based on their risk profile. I see you have weekly pivots, works fine as well. Imo, there is no right or wrong way.

Not sure if this helps

--- 帖子 #395 ---
down euro down!

--- 帖子 #396 ---
First one is not a WW pattern, sorry.

ok i got u.this is a good exp. of CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

For Strong AB-CD wave we use 141-161.8, for weak AB-CD we use 113-127.

Right?

--- 帖子 #397 ---
just my opinion, if you want to use heiken, thats fine, but adding the multiple MA/vegas tunnel? will only cloud your judgement more.

And yes, that looks like a CWW.

Also, what broker are you with? a 2point spread on usd/.jpy? Seems a bit too much aint it?

--- 帖子 #398 ---
For those who have not yet entered and are still looking for a decent point to enter the EURUSD WW that Expo has outlined, here is a 5 min channel that may still be operating so maybe look for a decent show of bear strength for the start of a move down. There has already been a strong bear break below the nested channel hugging the channel line so that is a decent show by the bears.  Now a failed BO above the high or the top of the channel could herald the start of a decent move down, at least to the bottom of the channel.  Maybe....
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #399 ---
It's never easy it seems. I'm willing to hold this one as long as it takes though. Either I get stopped out or I get some substantial pips

--- 帖子 #400 ---
Struggling to see your wave with all of the other stuff and bright colors.

In any event the AB=CD is what it is. You calculate where D is supposed to be. You can't choose the D point to fit a FIB extension.

--- 帖子 #401 ---
Nice analysis

--- 帖子 #402 ---
Not perfect symmetry but nevertheless i'm in.

--- 帖子 #403 ---
Missed this one. Not really a CWW or AWW as the trend lines basically form a perfect channel. A quick 20+ pips to the target line

Symmetry is near perfect

EUR/CAD 15MIN
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #404 ---
Starting to gain momentum, looking for 5th straight positive 4H candle. Would love to have this one finished by market close today

--- 帖子 #405 ---
Got taken out by a strong euro south move. eur/aud

Edit: ah, someone is talking. No wonder the strong move.

--- 帖子 #406 ---
{quote} Just scrolled back to find that wave, a little rough a round the edges but played out perfectly. Well done,I hope you traded it![/quote]

Unfortunately i had my entry at the 161 fib, missed by a few tics, Should have gotten in at 141. ah well, onto the next one

--- 帖子 #407 ---
Unfortunately i had my entry at the 161 fib, missed by a few tics, Should have gotten in at 141. ah well, onto the next one [/quote]

Sometimes tough on the smaller time frames, not much of a scale in zone. I tend to enter a few pips before the completion level. On higher time frames love to scale in early with smaller positions.

Anyways, plenty of other opportunities as you said

--- 帖子 #408 ---
FTSE 5min (if you think it's coming down.....)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #409 ---
EJ H1

Not a great shape, but a possibility all the same
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #410 ---
Wrapping up a very good week. Looking forward to clearing the charts and getting a fresh look for next week. I find Friday is a good time for reflection; to think about some errors we have made and how we will inject a new positive way of thinking and doing for the week ahead.

Less is often more

If you are struggling or on a string of losers, trade less. When we are looking for something, it's human nature to sometimes see something that really isn't there. The nature of this strategy is to find and trade Wolfe waves and I think sometimes it's natural to force price into the pattern we want to see. Price does what it does. It's our job to make sure price action fits the Wolfe wave parameters with the best possible structure.

A shiny car with a crappy engine isn't going to cut it in the long run. The old adage, "you can put lipstick on a pig, but it's still a pig" is very true here as well. We can draw lines and make all kinds of fancy diagrams and doll up our charts in every imaginable way, but if the nuts and bolts of our wave structure are faulty, then the chance for success is limited.

Demand quality from yourself and from your Wolfe waves. Always quality over quantity. There are 100+ valid waves each week, but you only need 2 or 3 to make your account grow consistently and significantly.

Confluence is king. Beware if it's not there.

Have a great weekend everyone and thanks for all of the posts this week. I am really pleased with how much work we have all done so far.

--- 帖子 #411 ---
This thread is really interesting

Timing, for me, could not be better as I'm investigating a kind of wave recently which allows the market to balance itself by causing some pain to the crowd.

The wolfe wave is really similar to this.

Do you ever thought about why they appear and tend to work more often than not?

Of course, many know that the market follows harmonics but there's also a big psychological component to it.

In my opinion, the market is designed to allow only a few to succeed and as soon as the crowd moves out of balance to a favored direction (short/long) the market has to rebalance itself in the interest of the few successful and smart traders.

So a wolfe wave is in essence a confirmed trend segment and we all know the story about HH HL (uptrend) - LL LH (downtrend) and what is written in the many trading books about how to trade a trend. Now, Bill Wolfe was genius to notice this and he even called it market balance when price moves from the sweet zone to the target EPA line which involves a break of structure in opposite direction with a wash out (stop hunt).

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Since the market is fractal in its nature, it makes sense to check the HTF waves and cycles in progress to make sure to not go against them.

Bill Wolfe wrote in his book that if price misses the EPA line often then he suggests to change the time frame because the dominant wave is probably on a different time frame:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Thanks Expo33 for the great and absolutely clear explanations and examples.

Learning about the sweet zone and your addition of using harmonics for confluence is a real insight.

Also nice results too, keep going

--- 帖子 #412 ---
Hi Juri.

Thank you for the kind words and thank you also for your amazing post! This is a gem in the rough and exactly why I wanted to start this thread. Best post we've had so far, and one I think every trader here should read. Thanks for taking the time to clearly explain your point. Very well presented and a great perspective for all of us to consider. Hope you stick around and help us along our journey.

I believe the market player's behavior is mapped out in a harmonic nature. The underlying truth is hidden within the price action from this harmonic nature and I think that very few can see that hidden truth. To me, the market is a living organism that moves in relation to the collective behavior of it's participants, the humans.

--- 帖子 #413 ---
E|U Friday shot selling TF H4

C | J Friday shot selling TF H4

THX. Bro.

--- 帖子 #414 ---
Is this valid?? My first analysis actually. Apologizing in advance if anything wrong.

--- 帖子 #415 ---
Yes it is one, with a retracement / retest, but the setup was there and if the wolfe wave unfolded then it was a trend continuation pattern which might be a good confidence boost to get in, anyway I would have.

--- 帖子 #416 ---
As someone said in the thread, wolfe waves are part of bigger harmonic pattern, yes it is, very correlated, to elliot waves, the differents ab=cd patterns like flat, triangles, abc, impulsive wave, corrective wave, 2d wave, 4th wave, etc...

--- 帖子 #417 ---
Dear Expo:

Here i would like to dedicate  this small modification I tried to do on Wolfewave indicator , it now tries to detect wolfe wave better and according to it rule , if it can not find a good setting it does not draw any thing, the waves are numbered  in digits and alphabet ,  the number beside Point (C) is amount of its fibo Retracement ,and that on point (D) its fibo extention comparred to AB line ,I hope it will be bug free, and every body use and enjoy as I am. Attached File(s)   parvizWolfWave.ex4

42 KB
|
334 downloads

--- 帖子 #418 ---
Just added option for drawing Triangles, to the indicator...

hope it would be more helpfull.
Attached File(s)   parvizWolfWave v1.ex4

36 KB
|
421 downloads

--- 帖子 #419 ---
Hi :

On the bases of the WW criteria this example is a bad failure ...?

Am i wrong?
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #420 ---
......And the same security in H4 timeframe.. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #421 ---
Hello Niaz, welcome to forex factory.

Thanks for using the template and for clearly marking everything out. It helps me a lot as my eyes are very sensitive.

I never want to dissuade someone from taking or not taking a trade as I certainly don't have all the answers but there are a couple of things I see with this trade that may present a problem.

First off, when I mapped this out it shows that XB is actually a bit less than parallel, so structurally this wave isn't technically valid. Not a deal breaker but certainly something to be aware of.

More importantly, there is a subsequent new wave developing here. Notice right now price is at a minor resistance, and then notice that the major resistance falls exactly where this new wave completes at the AB=CD level. I tried to make it clear on the chart. Also interesting is the spot where price reversed on your initial wave, exactly at point C of the new wave. Probably not a coincidence.

CAD/JPY DAILY CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I'll preface this next chart by saying I am in my infancy in studying Gann angles. One thing I do know is they supposedly work better on higher time frames. Gann angles are unique in that they map out price AND time. I put a Gann angle on our chart and it seems to paint an interesting picture.

Gann theory says that when price breaks through one angle it is likely to continue to the next angle. In our scenario the 1x1 (45 degree) angle has been broken and price is heading towards the 1x2 angle. Interesting to note on our new wave that the 1x3 Gann angle crosses very near the ETA (Estimated Time of Arrival), which just happens to be near the 200FIB AND AB=CD completion level. Is price heading down to that point of confluence? I don't know but if it breaks through the 1x2 Gann angle, it could be.

Here is the same chart as above but with the Gann angles shown

CAD/JPY DAILY CWW WITH GANN ANGLES
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Anyways ,that's my analysis for the chart you posted. I hope it helps in some way. Thanks again for posting and good trading to you. Please feel free to post any charts that you have questions about or anything else you want to share with us.

Regards,

-Kurt

--- 帖子 #422 ---
Hi Parviz.

Thanks for sharing this indicator. A couple of questions for you

1) Are you at liberty to share the code source as I would love to modify the line thickness and color, etc

2) Does the indicator only show the wave after completion? I'm wondering at what point the indicator decides the wave is complete? The reason I ask is because I draw all my waves free hand and tend to scale into my positions as price is heading towards the completion level. So I like to be prepared to execute before the wave actually completes. I know many others wait for a candle reversal or TDI cross for confirmation so this indicator would be very useful to them. Of course, I think it's important for traders to be able to map out the waves free hand as it is a good point for learning the structure.

3) When I tested it on some charts it only shows the wave that has presently completed? Is that true?

Looking forward to you thoughts. Thanks again for sharing with us. Certainly the best functioning WW indicator I have ever tried

Regards,

-Kurt

--- 帖子 #423 ---
Well according to WW theory the actual wave would have been complete long before where the indicator shows point D. That's why I asked in my previous post how the indicator decides where the wave is complete because in this example the D point doesn't remotely line up with the sweet zone theory.

--- 帖子 #424 ---
Well according to WW theory the actual wave would have been complete long before where the indicator shows point D. That's why I asked in my previous post how the indicator decides that the wave is complete because in this example the D point doesn't remotely line up with the sweet zone theory

--- 帖子 #425 ---
Gone.

--- 帖子 #426 ---
Certainly harmonic in nature but not a Wolfe wave. With all due respect, I'm trying to keep the focus here on WWs. There a couple of really good threads on FF that focus on the more complex harmonic patterns

Ironically, I had been tracking a very nice CWW on the NZD/CAD weekly but the structure, although still valid, started to break down over the last month.

NOTE: The confluence between the AB=CD completion level and the 161FIB is pretty amazing, especially for a weekly chart!

NZD/CAD CWW WEEKLY
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #427 ---
My apology. I am that expert in WW. Maybe you don't intend this forum to be WW beginners. If that's the case, just point it out. I will be glad to WO from this discussion.

--- 帖子 #428 ---
On second thought. I unsubscribe. Think it will save time rather than be here. GOOD BYE.

--- 帖子 #429 ---
Hi Frx, I hope you weren't offended

This thread is for anyone interested in WWs, beginner or expert. Maybe I misunderstood your post. I was just trying to say that what you posted wasn't a Wolfe wave. I wasn't sure if you knew that or if you were just posting a different harmonic structure for discussion.

I just want the focus to be on WWs and not on the other more complex harmonic patterns. I just think it may confuse new traders that aren't well versed in this area.

Please feel free to post anything that you think may be a WW and we are all happy to disucss

--- 帖子 #430 ---
I'm sorry you feel that way. Best of luck to you in the future

--- 帖子 #431 ---
keep up your approach. Remember you can't please everyone in the world. Focusing only on wolfe wave is good for the progress of this thread.

Keep the positive vibes here going!!!

--- 帖子 #432 ---
Thanks brother.

Well, we made it over 400 posts before our first awkward moment. I think maybe something was lost in the translation. Onward we go!

By the way, I will be flying to Florida for vacation on the 23rd and getting on a Royal Caribbean cruise ship with my 5 year old daughter. I am meeting some family that winters down in Florida. I will be totally off line during the cruise from the 25th to the 30th. The rest of the time I will only be able to view this thread from my phone as I promised the family I wouldn't bring my laptop with me. Back home on April 2nd.

Bottom line, I hope the thread stays at least somewhat active. I trust you'll step up your game

This thread has blessed me tremendously. I think I have learned more since I started this thread than I have in the past 3 months

--- 帖子 #433 ---
Consider this a failed example? Or stoploss not wide enough?

Edit: I just found out that if the start of C leg is robust or very volatile, it's usually bad for the CD leg or it may extend longer

CD LEG VARIATIONS

These CD leg phenomena can be described in four ways:

1.

If after point C has occurred a gap exists in the direction of point D,

this usually indicates that the CD leg will be much greater than the AB

leg—1.272, 1.618, or more.

2.

A wide range bar (twice normal size) at point C is another indication

that the CD leg could become extended.

3.

Ideally, AB

=

CD moves are symmetrical in price and time. For exam-

ple, if the AB leg is six bars up, then the CD leg will be six bars up.

--- 帖子 #434 ---
A lot of different view points I'm sure.

1) Original bounce lower from AB=CD = 1.4032 was about 15 pips, so there would have been the opportunity to move SL to BE.

2) Very volatile pair. In hindsight a 30 SL would have covered it. That's not really that big of a SL considering a minimum move back to the X level was about 60 pips. Smaller position sizes needed for sure.

3) Big 2 candle D leg power move up automatically makes the candle symmetry very bad so a warning signal right from the start. Zooming out to the hourly and waiting for a TDI cross takes away the uncertainty of that whole volatile sweet zone.

4) Plenty of other opportunities. I think just the act of passing is a very good mental exercise in patience and is a building block to becoming a ninja type Wolfe wave stalker!

With due diligence we can always attempt to find a solution to our problem: Where do we enter the trade?

All in hindsight but this is how we can train ourselves to look at our problem from multiple angles (no pun intended)

Zooming out to the hourly, I built the Gann angles using the Fib fan and look what it shows. The AB=CD completion level is still in "no mans" land. Price had broken north through the previous Gann angle, had a little re trace at the AB=CD level then continued north for one last surge EXACTLY to the next Gann angle before heading down 100 pips!!

EUR/AUD HOURLY GANN ANGLE ILLUSTRATION
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #435 ---
If using 30 pips as a stoploss, then this previous wolfe wave might as well ended up a breakeven also because price never reached there, not to mention the EPA. If i based my stoploss of this chart at the 2 fibo line there, it would be around 30 to 37pips depend on whether you entered on 1.27 or 1.41.

That is why i am currently starting to feel a little headache about position management. Should i use larger stops? Or lesser stops and quickly get out of the position?

Keep in mind that wolfe wave is basically an anti trend thing. We are selling at the highest point of a strong move up and vice versa. Most of my losses trades are being taken out quite fast. No hovering near my stops for a long time.

Would welcome any suggestions on position management.

--- 帖子 #436 ---
Thanks a lot for testing and approving the indicator :you know i am not a professional programer and i do it just as a hobby

1.sure i will ,i'll send you the source if i may have your email .

2. yes it wait till the D wave is touching or above the trend line .As i learned many wait for entry till not only for breaking out of trend line but even for the wave to finish its retracement and retouch of trend line . so with this type of trading this indicator would tell you ahead of time when there is a good WW.

3. my suggestion is to use this indicator for a very fast scanning of different securities pairs and Time frames, then you may come back and reexamine each manually.

4 . the indicator works on zigzag indicator , so it wait till the D wave is formed (reversal happens) , then it will have the necessary 5 waves for proper analysis .

ps: By the way I believe I may change the code so that it can even shows the potential ww waves , if we do not have complete D wave ,then a potential CWW can only be predicted if XB and AC line are converging. Am i right  ?, if this is all that is necessary then it can be applied.

--- 帖子 #437 ---
Yes, potential CWW must be converging.

--- 帖子 #438 ---
hi expo :

there is another very important factor in detection of ww by this indicator , and that is the setting of ExtDepth input ,here i will show two picture of the same pair and time frame ,one with ExtDepth set to 6 and the other to 12 , as you noticed the 6 one detect earlier CWW: Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

OH by the way ,images are from the newest version that i am still working on it , it is supposed to detect other harmonics ,in addition to WW

--- 帖子 #439 ---
Hey Kurt,

Great thread you started here! I'm still trying to catch up with older posts, but I wanted to know if if your intent is to keep this discussion specific to forex instruments only?

Right now 100% of my focus is day trading the ES on a very short time frame. I mostly just trade the first two hours of the session primarily off a 1min chart. But I do keep an eye out on wolf waves and really like that pattern.

If I were to start all over again, I think I would have initially focused my energy on swing trading higher time frames first then working on intra-day trading which I think is much harder.

Anyways, wanted to say congrats and thanks for the effort you put into this thread. It's got me thinking of picking up a forex pair I could swing trade through futures at a different time of day so it wouldn't compete with my attention so much during ES open. Do you think USD/JPY would be good for that? I admittedly don't know much about forex I havent' spent much time trading it.

Also what is that stat that follows your post about being up 9.3% this month, I've never seen that on anyone else's posts, how does that work, are you running a fund or something?

Thanks,

RH

--- 帖子 #440 ---
Separate waves, this is the first wave.

If you zoom out you can see that the most recent important S/R is right at the ABCD completion level. The only problem I see here is the round number so you know there should be supply heading towards 140. Turns out there was and price bounce 30 pips back down. Scaling in early with smaller positions lessens the total risk, plus if price reverses early you wont miss the bounce. Excellent symmetry length and time too.

Also, the TMS angulator shows all time frames are either down or moving sideways, so really shorting here is not going against the general trends.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #441 ---
That makes good sense. I'm always fiddling with extdepth on my zig zag to try and get the legs to fit the wave I'm analyzing

--- 帖子 #442 ---
Thanks RH.

WW theory works on all time frame and all instruments. Feel free to post any instrument you are trading. Bill Wolfe didn't trade forex he traded securities, indexes, etc. Volume spikes around reversals were an important part of his analysis, unfortunately in forex we don't have access to true volume.

The 9.3% is how much my Demo account has gained since I started it 8 days ago. I'm not trading anyone else's money although I did have someone message me and offer me a chance to trade a PAMM account for a new brokerage provided my tracked trading live explorer met their specifications. If you click on the link it will take you to my profile and at the bottom has all of the particulars of the trade explorer. In the settings a trader can have the explorer show at the bottom of their posts as mine does. I use it as a tool to monitor my risk management and also to show that the system works. Obviously, you don't have the same emotions as real money but it's still a great way to test new systems. I would encourage everyone to demo test WWs first until you have proven to yourself that you can execute the strategy successfully.

Look forward to your posts and best of trading to you

-Kurt

--- 帖子 #443 ---
Dear expo:

This is another example of the difference between 6 and 12 setting on same pair and same TF . Is this what you were asking , and looking for..?

the smallest the ExtDepth the more recent waves are shown , though less than 3 is not working reliably.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #444 ---
Looking forward to a good week everyone. Time for a little snooze.

Trade safe and remember.....MAP IT OUT!

--- 帖子 #445 ---
would you please elaborate more on sweet zone theory , what is it exactly , and do you think it should be implemented in this indicator for better identification of a profitable CWW ? do you mean that if D finish in this zone then that is a reliable WW ?

--- 帖子 #446 ---
Hi Dude,

as very often, a trend continuation wolfe wave will form just after the neck line break of an head and shoulder..., so yes this a failed wolfe wave but what a wonderful head and shoulders, that is why a wolf wave as a trend continuation pattern would have been worth the risk, because of a failed head and shoulders.

Risk vs reward is the key among consistancy.

It is also my preferred wolf wave because it lines up with the corrective wave of elliot wave theory (ABC) that is a trend continuation pattern ready to ride the next impulsive wave, be it the 3rd or the 5th wave.

I am sure Expo33 will be very interested, it is a nice filter instead of some creepy indicators.

--- 帖子 #447 ---
Hi Expo33 and all,

the first problem on the wolf waves is the fractal off it, when unfolding in another and another and another and also the counter trend nature of it, in a strong trend you will have a lot of wolfe waves anticipation that you will trade but are just an ABC trend continuation pattern (ABC being 123 or XAB by expo33) and I do mean a lot, so beware the drawdown therefore money / risk management.

For ABC patterns just look at elliot waves theory.

--- 帖子 #448 ---
That is a nice Gartley pattern but definitively not a Wolfe wave.

--- 帖子 #449 ---
Hi Parviz,

the D on your screenshot was way too far, it should have been close to the 1-3 trend line and not much more than a AB=CD pattern, like a "zone" your D point was a what, like 500% expansion and 800% extension ? where is the AB=CD in this ?

The key on this pattern is symmetry on the XY basis.

Thanks for posting anyway.

--- 帖子 #450 ---
Also I wanted to contribute to the great work of Expo33 by adding this elliot wave formation that is a wolf wave reversal pattern being a 5th elliot wave (ending diagonal), confluence is the key to filter out bad trades.

--- 帖子 #451 ---
Thanks for your responce:

You know what is my problem dude, I want to code it ,so what i need are exact figures , like when we say AB=CD,+/- of how much is acceptable..?

for example give me a percentage.(like AB/CD ratio should be between 90% to 110% )

And from your other message , what do you mean exactly by "confluence"...?

--- 帖子 #452 ---
, if you thin

I do not think it is possible to code it.

What I meant by confluence is a meeting of two pattern at least.

Coding will never get you ahead of hard work, it you think a machine can do it better than you.

--- 帖子 #453 ---
I could also contribute some thoughts to this interesting thread (once again thanks to Expo for initiating). I would echo the thoughts of LDFX in that it would be extremely difficult to code this sort of thing and, more importantly, that confluence is the key. The attached chart should help to explain the confluence effect and why the market turned where it did on Friday afternoon. There is no substitute for hard work and looking for likely Support and Resistance including, but not limited to, prior highs and lows, trend and channel lines, signal bar highs and lows, measured move targets, previous day OHLC etc. A Wolfe Wave is a reversal pattern and will only ever take place at support or resistance so trying to identify these areas is the key. So what can we identify from the H4 chart attached?

1) A channel line from 8 Dec through Feb 2 and extended to the right (I tend to think that tails on top / bottom of bars represent slight over-extension when testing a level so I look for a likely place for the line to pass through in real time. Here, we have the benefit of hindsight).

2) Sunday 5th Feb produced a bear signal bar (circled) whose low had not yet been tested and was , therefore, a magnet.

3) Late Feb into early March produced a trading range and double bottom bull flag pattern which afforded a measured move target as shown by the red bars so was another magnet.

4) The yellow bars represent a leg 1 = leg 2 measured move. It is possible to get a better approximation than the move shown by looking at where the likely start and end of the first leg really were. For instance, I would surmise that the first leg started with a test of the March 3 signal bar high and finished on the channel line just under the yellow bar at around 10700, but again that is easy to say with the benefit of hindsight - at any rate, another magnet was in the same general area.

So we have 4 resistance points clustered in the same area and that confluence of resistance led to a reversal and maybe the start of the Wolfe Wave playing out.

An obvious downside target where support may kick in is the signal bar high on Mar 15th @ around 10640.

--- 帖子 #454 ---
The first post discusses it in length. Post 2 and 3 examples with further discussion

--- 帖子 #455 ---
For me the extdepth setting isn't the issue. My issue is I have the wave mapped out before it completes and already have my entry strategy in place so I already know the wave is there in the first place. Still, it's a good tool and would save time for anyone who wants to study the waves after they've completed.

For others, they may find it useful if they are struggling to find or see the wave on their own.  Also, many traders like to enter the trade after the wave has completed and reversed so that would still be helpful to them as well.

--- 帖子 #456 ---
Back in front of the screen. Time to get a fresh look at the charts and see what's developing for the week ahead.

By the way, some good discussions, much appreciated.

--- 帖子 #457 ---
Taking a shot with WTI CRUDE OIL

Confluence factors:

1) Previous S/R

2) Gann angle support

3) AB=CD and 200FIB lines up well with this area

Notes: Not my usual move but this time I waited for a TDI cross before entry. A move back up here is also the BC leg of a larger wave so I will be watching closely for an early exit if needed

WTI CRUDE OIL 30MIN PWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #458 ---
Hi,

Could you pls. make change to your indicator, it will delete all objects when WW was not found.

Pls. do not let it delete all objects, it will affect other indicators and manual marks...

Thanks!

--- 帖子 #459 ---
I noticed that too, I thought I was hallucinating. I was positive I put a trend line on my chart but it disappeared.

--- 帖子 #460 ---
Thanks, good point , i hope problem has been solved for now , I am trying to complete the new version soon Attached File(s)   parvizWolfWave.ex4

36 KB
|
310 downloads

--- 帖子 #461 ---
For 5 years, i have wasted too much time on " trend or martingale" trading.

And this thread tells me " market is a living animal",studying the crowd psychology is the only way to win.

Now I'm finally on the right way...

--- 帖子 #462 ---
excellent working  , thanks so much~

What's new in next version? Sometimes Zigzag do need manual adjustment, we can't avoid that...

--- 帖子 #463 ---
CWW-buy

--- 帖子 #464 ---
[quote=jonirrenicus;9684346]{quote} For 5 years, i have wasted too much time on " trend or martingale" trading. And this thread tells me " market is a living animal",studying the crowd psychology is the only way to win. Now I'm finally on the right way...[/quote

hey dude,

I am glad you get over this martingale bs, but do not get too exited, wolf wave is a purely counter trend pattern, you will be chasing falling knives that are the most rewarding but the most difficult losses to manage.

--- 帖子 #465 ---
Hey brother I'm trying to figure out what you're trading. I'm assuming it's just based on price action because I don't see any Wolfe wave. That's fine, I just am confused

--- 帖子 #466 ---
Hi, I was giving this some thought over the weekend and I don't think that it is entirely true that it is purely a countertrend pattern.  I suppose it depends on one's perspective.  For instance, suppose we have a broad bull channel on, say, the H4 timeframe where price has come down to touch the trend line.  Let's take a textbook TR / channel scenario where we are looking at a nice two legs up from the bottom to the top of the channel.  The pullback in between the legs could very well have the stair-stepping pattern on a lower timeframe (say 15min) indicative of a Wolfe Wave setup on that timefreame, but to a price action trader it is merely a flag where a bull breakout towards the top of the H4 channel is expected.  Therefore, although the Wolf Wave is reversing the smaller 15min trend, the trade is in the direction of the H4 trend and therefore a continuation setup and higher probability.

Or am I stating the bleeding obvious?!

--- 帖子 #467 ---
FTSE (UKX) H1 (also visible on H4) - I would be very wary of this and would want to see some very strong selling before entering as this is very much countertrend.

--- 帖子 #468 ---
Easy, a wolfe wave to unfold need 3 waves that you will enter against it at the end of the third wave.

it is then a pure counter trend trading, you can still say the primary trend blabla, but 3 waves in a direction and taking the opossite side is not purely counter trend ?

you are trading against the momentum, it is what gives the strenght to the wolf wave but is also its weakness.

--- 帖子 #469 ---
sorry, i dont know what's wrong, pls. point out, thanks!

--- 帖子 #470 ---
Yeah, Gambling at people's SL, that's the way WW works...

Maybe we could use more patterns to find those "sweet spot"

--- 帖子 #471 ---
I think you have completely missed the point of what I am saying.

If it was not clear, then my apologies.  The way many traders enter trends is by waiting for a pullback - agreed?  By definition, a pullback is a smaller trend in the opposite direction so entering the main trend again is trading counter and against the momentum of the pullback. Obviously the pullback has to be weak in relation to the trend.   So, a higher probability way to trade the Wolfe Wave pattern is to identify the setup on a lower time frame during a pullback in an obvious higher time frame trend.  Makes perfect sense to me, but then again, I accept that my beliefs about the market may not be useful to others.  You pay your money and take your choice.

--- 帖子 #472 ---
Ok now I see what you are trying to trade. It's not a classic Wolfe wave because line XB and AC don't converge. Technically it fits my made up definition of an Anti wave because those two lines are diverging. Unfortunately the structure and symmetry are really not very good

--- 帖子 #473 ---
hi dude,

I totally got your point, for me any pull back is a counter trend entry, the wolfe wave being one of the most needed trend in order to unfold, x abcd needs time and space aka a trend.

A stop order above the high would be a trend continuation entry, there is of course trend continuation patterns but that are taken in counter trend.

To make it simple, when price makes lower low and you buy, it is a counter trend entry, if price makes higher high and you buy it is a trend continuation entry.

--- 帖子 #474 ---
Hey,

Fair enough.  The way you view the market is no doubt useful to you and that's great.  For me there are many ways to view situations.  For example, as a trend trader you would bet on most attempts to reverse the trend being unsuccessful.  Therefore buying on a limit order below prior bars in a bull trend can be a prudent thing to do. One would be betting on continuation of the trend, but if the prior bar was a bear bar (and therefore a bear trend on some lower timeframe) by your definition it would be a purely counter trend trade.  I guess it's all a matter of perspective.

--- 帖子 #475 ---
Well not exactly, I was speaking about a counter trend once 3 waves unfolded to meet a wolfe wave which the entry would be counter trend because you would buy a bottom.

Is a wolf wave not a pattern with 3 lower lows ? Then buying in this scenario is not a counter trend trade ?

--- 帖子 #476 ---
I guess it depends on the scale you are watching.

There's no one trend IMHO, only waves within waves
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Maybe we can agree that both perspective are truthful in their own context

--- 帖子 #477 ---
Mate, we are talking at cross-purposes.

Like I said, it's all about perspective and timeframe.  What I am suggesting is using the lower time frame Wolfe Wave set up to enter the larger trend which can be expected to continue (since most reversal attempts fail).  It is perfectly feasible, in a bull trend on one timeframe to have a bear bar, which when dissected on some lower time frame, could contain a Wolf Wave setup. Entering on a limit below that higher time frame bear bar is identical to trading the Wolf Wave on the lower timeframe.  So yes, I totally agree that it is counter trend to the lower time frame trend - although it is debatable whether it would really be a trend as a Wolf Wave setup (generally) has many overlapping bars and is really an expanding trading range.

It is a different kettle of fish entirely if the Wolfe Wave setup takes the market below a  prior MAJOR low (ie a low after which the market had a strong breakout to give a new high) on the chart on which you are looking to enter the trend.  Minor lows get taken out all of the time during two / three / x legged pullbacks and are of no consequence

What I am not talking about here is the more classical reversal Wolfe Wave at the top or bottom of a trend.  In these cases I agree that most set ups will fail because that is the nature of reversals.

The idea is to add value to this thread and try to come up with ways to improve the Wolfe Wave strategy for those who actually trade it.  By thinking about it from a pure price action point of view, using different timeframes can help to gain perspective.

All the best.

--- 帖子 #478 ---
Hehe buddy,

a trend is very subjective anyways, if you prefer, I do call a trend the momentum that is taking out highs or lows, now trend as so called by many fx retail traders can be interpreted very much differently on any given time frame which is at the best just lagging, momentum is the key and the actual trend.

When a wolfe wafe is unfolding you do take entry on a lower low that is the 3rd low of the wolf wave pattern, if that is not a counter trend...

--- 帖子 #479 ---
And, I would add, wolfe wave is there to not worry about trends.

just follow the pattern.

--- 帖子 #480 ---
GBPCAD - 1H - CWW (mapped on 15M - chart 1H)

AB=CD completion very close to 161.8% extension

--- 帖子 #481 ---
i spotted

--- 帖子 #482 ---
Did you take this? Care to explain your entry point and exit points?

--- 帖子 #483 ---
Hi Expo, in a situation like this (EJ 1H) with a possible AB=CD completion right at the BRN 120.00, where would you start scaling? As said, I'm not used to go counter trend and that would make me start scaling at 161.8 ext down to the BRN but maybe it's too conservative?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #484 ---
Hi All:

Objects deleting Bug ,Fixed permanently. Attached File(s)   parvizWolfWave.ex4

36 KB
|
404 downloads

--- 帖子 #485 ---
ARGH im confused. Do we have a simplified of a bullish chart? Im trying to compare my thinking but all my charts are bullish and the 1st page only shows a bearish rules. How do I workout where C goes?

Is this correct ?

--- 帖子 #486 ---
Is this correct the price should reverse at the up arrow?

--- 帖子 #487 ---
Hi Lm

I wouldn't be scaling in until the 200FIB. I zoomed out to show the strong support at 120. If price makes it down that far, you can imagine there will be a lot of demand heading into the 120 area. I would start scaling in with very small positions first. Hopefully the chart is self explanatory.

Well spotted wave though and best of luck with this trade if it happens

--- 帖子 #488 ---
So many great posts.

Unfortunately I have about 12 hours of commitments until tomorrow morning so I will be away from the screen.

Yesterday I took a bit hit on a losing oil trade. Was on the phone blabbering away as I entered the trade and completely had my settings wrong for my risk parameters. On top of that, I had my SL on the wrong side of the FIB that was in play. As a result, instead of a small loss, it cost me a draw down far beyond my risk profile.

Lesson learned, "hands free" device doesn't mean your brain is free to focus on the task at hand!! Foolish mistake on my part. Trading is hard enough as it is without making careless mistakes.

Anyways, the only thing I have going is the EUR/USD short from last week. Hopefully we can break the 1.0725 area and gets some more downward momentum

Thanks for all of the great post ladies and gents. I am anxious to read through all of them when I get home tomorrow

--- 帖子 #489 ---
im on my phone at the moment so I can't help much but if you look at the PDF overview in post #1 you will see examples of both bullish and bearish WWs.

--- 帖子 #490 ---
Thanks for your reply Expo, my concern was in fact the likely push toward the BRN.

It's not correct, if you scroll the pages you'll find many bullish/bearish example. Just one tip, if it's an ascending WW like the one in your post, it's a bearish pattern and that means point X must be a swing high. Hope this helps

--- 帖子 #491 ---
real or fake.time will tell

--- 帖子 #492 ---
this does not look like a wolfe wave formation. Your point 1 or X is incorrect.

--- 帖子 #493 ---
Hi fantom,

At the very start of this thread, Expo has very thoughtfully included a download link for the Wolfe Wave book.  It really is worth a read.

--- 帖子 #494 ---
FTSE (UKX) 150Tick - not perfect shape

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #495 ---
If I correctly read your chart, it doesn't seem a WW. In a descending pattern X should be a swing low and it's always between points B and C.

--- 帖子 #496 ---
Yes, the lines are not converging you are correct.  Point 4 in this case it above point 2 and therefore I accept that this is not a standard wave.

Apart from the fact that the SPTRD (US500) was selling off at the time, the context was good for a reversal up given that we were at the bottom of a bear channel whilst at the bottom of a broader bull channel - therefore a duelling lines pattern and a confluence of support.  An expanding triangle had also just completed and that is trading range price action so I was looking for additional reasons to enter long at the bottom of the trading range.  As we now know, the ftse sold off and it was a losing trade.

--- 帖子 #497 ---
I must have misunderstood your chart, that's not what I was saying. In any case sorry it was a losing trade.

--- 帖子 #498 ---
I have been doing some more on this and think i'm getting the hang of it. Anyone else have the same chart setup?

--- 帖子 #499 ---
EJ - 2 different timeframes.

Trend on 5 min and pullback Wolfe Wave setup on the 150 tick during a pullback

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #500 ---
Hi all,

Making my way through the thread and am finding it very interesting. I did download the Wolfe Wave template etc from first page. I have a question about the TDI clock. Can someone explain to me what it all means. I get that the arrows mean up, down or sideways but there are angles in degrees and comments on it too eg strong up etc. If any one can help me figure this thing out and how it helps with the Wolfe Wave trading I would be extremely grateful.

About me I have been teaching myself to trade for a little while but still feel very much an amateur so any help is welcome. Not out to buy a Ferrari but just to make life a little bit easier.

--- 帖子 #501 ---
Well i'm sold on this strategy ha

--- 帖子 #502 ---
Hi and welcome.

I don't use the indicator or the template, but taking a guess, the 'too strong up' would mean that the momentum up is too strong to be thinking about going short - at least for the time being.  Would that make sense?  I'm sure one of the others on here who do use the template will give some comments later.

Cheers and best of luck.

--- 帖子 #503 ---
EJ 5min - Health warning though as there is a measured move target down at 12050 ish

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #504 ---
This is the new version, it detect WW when the following conditions are true :

if(

Low[Wolf[1]]<High[Wolf[2]] &&

Low[Wolf[3]]<Low[Wolf[1]] &&

Low[Wolf[3]]<High[Wolf[4]] &&

High[Wolf[4]]>Low[Wolf[1]] &&

Low[Wolf[5]]<=Low[Wolf[3]]

)

{

WolfWave="Buy";

}

//---------------------

if

(

High[Wolf[1]]>Low[Wolf[2]] &&

High[Wolf[3]]>High[Wolf[1]] &&

High[Wolf[3]]>Low[Wolf[4]] &&

Low[Wolf[4]]<High[Wolf[1]] &&

High[Wolf[5]]>=High[Wolf[3]]

)

{

WolfWave="Sell";

}

And it also print all five standard fibo relations of harmonic patterns and now the position of text can be set .

Any suggestions, ideas, reporting bugs found..., are most welcome and appreciated.
Attached File(s)   parvizWolfWave v3.ex4

42 KB
|
478 downloads

--- 帖子 #505 ---
Stopped out...
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

missing trades
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #506 ---
Hey Parvis

Many thanks for all of your hard work and brilliant coding!

When i test the indicator I still see cases where the lines AC and XB do not converge.

I am thinking that if you began the setup test with something like:

If (absvalue(X-A) > absvalue(B-C)), then could be valid setup.

Not too sure how to do that in MQL4, I am thinking that all you need is the price at each point to determine convergence.

I think that the logic is OK and covers all cases.

hope this is useful

Keith

--- 帖子 #507 ---
Thank You for your valuable contribution.

--- 帖子 #508 ---
FTSE H4

I would think that this WW is very much in play now as we have had a strong first leg of selling.  I would expect a second leg down after a correction

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #509 ---
NEW EA for this method.

I will explain tomorrow.

Find "N" and gambling, that 's all we need to do!

--- 帖子 #510 ---
EURUSD 1hour

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The second wolf wave have a negative divergence, so i go short with tight SL.

--- 帖子 #511 ---
Can you explain why this is a Wolfe Wave? I thought they had to form a channel and the waves be of similar size. Is that wrong? you have a trend line at the top but where is the parallel trend line at the bottom or the waves?

--- 帖子 #512 ---
I will be looking lower for ftse

--- 帖子 #513 ---
Watching this 1

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #514 ---
Hi all:

If you read the wolfe book on finding the necessary points that form WW wave you notice he suggest to find them in order of 2,3,1,4 and finally 5,

Let me give you another idea which i believe may help novices like me to find any harmonics pattern including WW .

1)Find any combination of waves that form a (W) or (M) shape .

2) Just put your B(3) point in the center of (W) oR (M).

3) on The opposite side of the B(3) there are 2 point on right and left of the B(3) name them A(2) and C(4) respectively.

4) Now the end of the right leg is X(1) point and that of the left one is D(5) .

5)Connect with two Trend Line point X(1) to B(3) and point A(2) to C(4) respectively.

6) Now You have the pattern , if the two Trend Line converge You Have the setting for WW ready and should wait for completion of D(5)point.

7) Otherwise compare it to the other harmonic patterns using the cheat sheets and 5 fibo relations.

I hope this will help many who are still confused about labelling the points and legs .

--- 帖子 #515 ---
Thanks for the kind words:

Indeed i have tried that , then it limits finding of the pattern even more so that it hardly if ever find any ,so i let the user find which one would be acceptable WW.

Today i have posted a message which could help novices like me to easily find any harmonic pattern .

--- 帖子 #516 ---
Expo33 why is the demoaccount show many losing trades and a negative result for now ?

Best regards

--- 帖子 #517 ---
I'm not entirely sure what you are saying.  Your 1,2,3,4,5 pattern is no Wolfe Wave setup so I presume it's some other sort of price action entry?  Please would you explain so I can understand?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #518 ---
Hey Bud From what i understand there are many forms of Wolfe Waves.  All im looking for is  3 waves up or down  a extended break a potential pull back into the channel from some type of harmonic. As you can see i have drawn the first pattern then a second potential pattern. inside the second pattern there was a W formed at ac  now i have drawn a line  from the first pattern W at B or 1 and extended it across as a tl to form a support  I lined it from 1 to 4  and 4 being X of the second harmonic . So should get a  W to a M

--- 帖子 #519 ---
indi and EA

Let's skip bullshXt talking and TRADE!

Attached Image

--- 帖子 #520 ---
EA quick Guide:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

in this case we sell EU on H4 TF, with 2 entry lvls, 127 and 261.8.

SL is At lv2 (261.8)

TP is Fibo Daily 61.8 and 127

--- 帖子 #521 ---
looks better my friend, thanks!

question, do u think this is a valid pattern if C>X>A?

--- 帖子 #522 ---
And this one, B-C is too short, still count as signal?

--- 帖子 #523 ---
Thanks :

I am not expert in this field , i am just learning , it is about a week since i learned about what is called WW, i did Know Elliot's waves and channel trading ,but not this one, happened that i got an indicator , and changed it to may favor , and then decided to share it with other people here ,thought it may be helpful to others too, i am a real novices, not a good trader ,not a real programer.

thanks again to all the people who appreciated the work

--- 帖子 #524 ---
looks like a CWW, go!

--- 帖子 #525 ---
Me too...new stuff to me.

find people's SL and trade against them...that's what i learned from WW.

--- 帖子 #526 ---
Lets see if this plays out on Gold 5 minute ...makes sense to me. bigger and smaller

--- 帖子 #527 ---
Hey everyone I will be travelling for the next 10 days, 5 of which will be on a cruise ship to Mexico so I will be offline for the most part.

I see in the last couple of days this thread has somehow morphed into harmonic patterns that aren't Wolfe waves. With all due respect can we please stick to Wolfe waves. That was the whole point of the thread; to keep it simple. Anyone new to the thread will be completely confused if they read the first post then see patterns that aren't remotely Wolfe waves.

There are plenty of excellent threads that focus on the many harmonic patterns. Can we please keep this one solely for Wolfe waves.

Thanks and good trading!

--- 帖子 #528 ---
Maybe you could provide some type of online reference that shows Wolfe waves of this type as you say because to my knowledge these aren't Wolfe waves at all, but rather part of the larger branch of harmonic structures: gartleys, bats, butterflies, etc.

With all due respect, this thread is solely for Wolfe waves. New traders trying to learn the simple WW structure will be confused.

--- 帖子 #529 ---
Losing trades are part of trading. There were actually only 2 losing trades, just many scaled in positions. I am testing out some new scale in strategies. This is what demo's are used for; testing new ways of trading

--- 帖子 #530 ---
Expo33 said exactly what I was thinking. Just started trying to get to grips with Wolfe Waves and finding some of the posts very confusing as they don't seem to stick to the rules of the WW from page 1. I would like to get back to basics and would love someone to explain how to use the TDI indicator Clock as I haven't found any info on that yet.

Many thanks in advance.

--- 帖子 #531 ---
Tracked this one for over a week. Sadly only one of 10 positions was triggered. Immediate 70 pip bounce too

CAD/JPY DAILY CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #532 ---
Hi Caledonia, I can't help you with the TDI clock because I don't use it. What I can tell you is that it's not necessary and it's the least important part of the system. You can scale in the trades like Expo does or use the PA to decide when to enter the trades.

--- 帖子 #533 ---
Hi Caledonia.

Post #245 talks a little about the angleator and the TDI clock. I just use it as a quick visual reference for multi time frame trends, overbought/sold conditions. When I get back from vacation April 3rd I will try to update post #1 with any helpful info on this indicator. Scrolling through the inputs and then trying to decipher what's actually being presented may be of some help.

--- 帖子 #534 ---
Not here to dispute or confuse , Im here to share ...As attached a Wolfe wave and a chart and mine. the rule is to allow price to enter back into the 1 to 3 Tl then trade it back to the the 1 to 4. Yes this is a ww thread but i when everyone is possibly trying to find on the opposing side you can plot it like i did. use 2 to 3 length and extend it up from the low at 5 . that will give you xa= cd

--- 帖子 #535 ---
I wasn't implying that you were here to dispute, just saying that the chart you posted wasn't a Wolfe wave and that it would likely be confusing to anyone new to the WW structure.

The diagram you posted below is exactly as the one on post #1, perfect, as this is what this thread is all about. If experienced traders here are using other structures to confirm trades, that's great, just don't wan't any new traders that are struggling to get confused.

Best trading to you and thanks for the response

--- 帖子 #536 ---
All good mate the first charts i should of plotted what i just done in the last chart. i Was aware of the left hand side structure 135 and my own method of measuring 2 to 3 and extending up from the false tl breakout  5 or C to give ab= cd inverted or xa =cd on completion.

--- 帖子 #537 ---
Actually your 1 is supposed to be lower than 4. 1 is supposed to be in the middle of 3 and 4. That is not a wolfe wave.

--- 帖子 #538 ---
Yes in a perfect world and in that explanation it would be an ab =cd being 2 to 3 and 4 to 5 but in saying that the rule is there. any bullsi sign back above the 1 t 3 tl trade it back to 1 to 4. Some form of structure must be there .

--- 帖子 #539 ---
Thanks everyone who posted a reply. If there is stuff on my chart I like to know what its all about otherwise whats the point of it being there. I am by far no expert in Forex trading hence my thirst for learning how to gauge where the market is going. I think keeping it simple using support and resistance is key to not getting on the wrong side of the market, as I have done time and time again. Slowly but surely I do less of that thanks to all the great work of traders who take some time out of their day to help guide and support. Really appreciate that.

--- 帖子 #540 ---
Expo33 Just one note on your chart for CAD/JPY daily I have just looked at that pair on my chart and noted that my chart is not the same. Zigzag is not plotted the same way and I guess thats is because every broker is different? A is plotted exactly as your chart however on my chart  B and C are ignored and the zigzag line goes straight down from A to where your D is. This is where it gets a bit confusing. Perhaps I need to try to plot out the patterns manually?

--- 帖子 #541 ---
OFF TOPIC - APOLOGIES

Hey Caledonia,

If you would like some guidance on how to work out where the market is going then there is no substitute for learning how to actually read charts.  Al Brooks has written some excellent material which is heavy going at first, but persevere and you will learn a massive amount in a relatively short space of time.  That doesn't mean you will become instantly profitable though! If reading isn't your thing he has produced a great trading course, of which he is gradually bringing the latest update online now.  It does cost a bit, but in my opinion it is worth it.  If you read the books ( numerous times) AND view the video course(s) you will have more knowledge than many.  Then it's just a matter of putting it all together......

--- 帖子 #542 ---
salamanda74 Thanks for the heads up. I have found a couple of price action people with videos which I have found very helpful and will certainly have a look at Al Brooks.

--- 帖子 #543 ---
If you go to the settings windows and change Depth from 12 to 5 you'll get the same chart. As a rule of thumb for low TF better to use a longer Depth, for high TF a shorter one.

--- 帖子 #544 ---
As L.m said, just fiddle with the "extdepth" setting to get the zigzag to match the wave you are tracking. Sometimes I can't get it to match the way I want it too, no problem I just plot it manually and calculate my ABCD manually.

For the CAD/JPY, this is the setting I had. I generally just check 3,6,12,18,24 or whatever works
Attached Image

By the way, plotting charts manually is excellent practice. I didn't use the zig zag for 10 years until I found this modified one with the pips and candles. It just happened to fit my trading strategy perfectly.

Imho, one of the top harmonic traders on here is "CNTrader" and he plots all of his patterns manually

--- 帖子 #545 ---
Possible setup

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #546 ---
Waved my magic wand and hey presto my chart is now like yours.

--- 帖子 #547 ---
Hi all, just new to this forum.

I have a question about the charts that EXPO33 posts. They usually have a blue rectangle and a blue triangle. I would like to know what they mean.

Can someone please explain them?

--- 帖子 #548 ---
Blue triangle is the sweet zone for potential entry. Rectangles are support/resistance areas

Please turn all devices off we are ready for take off!

--- 帖子 #549 ---
CWW again

--- 帖子 #550 ---
enjoy your trip!

more CWW

--- 帖子 #551 ---
CWW

--- 帖子 #552 ---
Thanks, just touched down in Tampa, tomorrow we sail!

Green pips

--- 帖子 #553 ---
EURUSD H1 CWW .Both reversed and nearly reached target in less than 1 hour.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

GBPJPY M30 CWW.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

EURUSD M15 ,Another CWW ,same Phenomena...
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #554 ---
Just tried to fix bugs and better detection of CWW...

pictures above ,show it at work.

Logic for detection changed as follow :

if(

Low[Wolf[1]]<High[Wolf[2]] &&

Low[Wolf[3]]<High[Wolf[4]] &&

Low[Wolf[3]]<Low[Wolf[1]] &&

High[Wolf[4]]<High[Wolf[2]]&&

((ObjectGetValueByShift(Title+"Line-1-3",Wolf[5])>=Low[Wolf[5]]) && xa>bc)

)

{

WolfWave="Buy";

}

else if

(

High[Wolf[1]]>Low[Wolf[2]] &&

High[Wolf[3]]>Low[Wolf[4]] &&

High[Wolf[3]]>High[Wolf[1]] &&

Low[Wolf[4]]>Low[Wolf[2]] &&

((ObjectGetValueByShift(Title+"Line-1-3",Wolf[5])>=Low[Wolf[5]]) && xa>bc )

)

{

WolfWave="Sell";

}

else

{

WolfWave="None";

}
Attached File(s)   parvizclassicWW.ex4

39 KB
|
369 downloads

--- 帖子 #555 ---
Nicely done sir, have done a quick scan with a few pairs and looks like you have nailed it!!!

Can't wait to try it out real time.

which leads to two questions, how do you establish D(5), do you wait for an indie such as zigzag to draw it or have you calculated

the theoretical value based on length of AB?

Can you create an alert so we can watch for price action approaching D?

many thanks

Keith

--- 帖子 #556 ---
hello

do you draw red ,green lines manually.or do you use parviz.ex4

--- 帖子 #557 ---
No sir , all drawings is done by the  indicator.

--- 帖子 #558 ---
No sir , it does not predict the D(5) point , indeed to be as accurate as it can be in finding the CWW , it wait until all condition including the location of D point (D>=Line_1_3) are satisfied .

An alert can be implemented ,but it still will alert on touch  or break of Line_1_3. by D(5).

--- 帖子 #559 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Now it draw the Sweet Zone ,and it draw the CWW only if D(5) is in this zone.
Attached File(s)   parvizclassicWW_v1.ex4

45 KB
|
389 downloads

--- 帖子 #560 ---
Hi All,

First time on this thread.

May be a CWW forming on AUDJPY?

[End of a 5 wave Impulse Wave.]

AUDJPY 6H Chart:

Cheers, U2

--- 帖子 #561 ---
Dear Parviz,

good work, i think thats its a good idea to draw the sweet zone, and may be wold be a good idea to put another option that draw the line 2-4 since point 1, if the price leave the first sweet zone.

--- 帖子 #562 ---
This posibility, makes a perfect CWW, and Bill Wolfe some times do that, moves the line 2-4 (sweet zone) to the point 1

--- 帖子 #563 ---
Dear sir:

Done as you wished.
Attached File(s)   parvizclassicWW v2.ex4

47 KB
|
329 downloads

--- 帖子 #564 ---
I am very sorry , please download again, the previous one does not draw the pattern, if D(5) goes higher than First Sweet Zone, now fixed.

D(5) now can Extend to the Second Sweet Zone.
Attached File(s)   parvizclassicWW v3.ex4

46 KB
|
453 downloads

--- 帖子 #565 ---
Keeps getting better and better!!

Thinking about what has to happen to set up an alert. We can think of the current Price as a moving Point D, which will eventually become fixed or fail.

So in order to anticipate a successful D, we could look for the case where Price has moved say 90 % of the target given by the length of AB in pips.

so when   C - Price >90% of A-B, send alert ......" bullish CWW developing"

and when Price - C > 90% of B -A send alert..... "bearish CWW developing"

Which means price is approaching the sweet zone and we can start to look for a possible trade. I suggest the 90% level as an arbitrary guess, might have to be less, would likely depend on the time frame, shorter time frames might require a different % than longer ones, no idea how to figure that out, might just take experience.

anyway thanks for all of your hard work and let  me know if this  makes sense to  you.

keith

--- 帖子 #566 ---
Actually an alert when c-4 is already in place would be greate to catch both movements.

--- 帖子 #567 ---
Yes I believe your suggestion is what we need, but you know what happen then ?, then it will draw any pattern with 4 point set and give you all the waves which are not satisfying CWW definition, and many alert erroneously .(D(5) should at least touch or cross Line_1_3 and as our friend said less than Sweet Zone 2)

--- 帖子 #568 ---
The best point for alert would be on touch of Line_1_3 ,for CWW to fit its definition.

And you know what ,the indicator in its current form wait for D(5) to be formed ,i mean as the last highest or lowest point of zigzag wave , and reversal ,before calling it D(5) point. so the logic should be changed too.

--- 帖子 #569 ---
I think that you are likely right a touch of the 1-3 line is a safe approach, worst case is price keeps going.

can you code this kind of alert?

thanks

keith

--- 帖子 #570 ---
Hi Parviz,

Your work sounds interesting and I'd be interested in taking a look at the indicator in action. My platform is ProRealTime which uses ProBuilder for coding indicators. I am not a programmer, but if you are able to kindly provide your code in a text file I may get chance to try to understand how to code it in ProBuilder (?)

Thanks

--- 帖子 #571 ---
Hi :

As i said ,i am a novices in both programing and trade, but i learned a lot from this excellent program from Talex who generously and freely shared it.

i got most of the ideas from reading and trying to understand his codes, he is a genius and, he even has developed his own method of zigzag algorithm ,which became one of the standards . here i share this excellent work ,and hope it will help you as it did for me.
Attached File(s)   54_Search_patterns.mq4

132 KB
|
495 downloads

--- 帖子 #572 ---
Hi,

Many thanks but I can't open it as I am not on the metatrader platform - that is why I wondered if the code for the indicator could be copied into a text file.

No worries and thanks anyway,

--- 帖子 #573 ---
It is indeed a text file , only you need to change the file type from (.mq4) to (.txt) to be able to see it with any text editor

--- 帖子 #574 ---
ok, thank you for the advice

--- 帖子 #575 ---
Hi mrvgikl :

Did you noticed this ,D(5) has passed the first sweet zone upper band, and entered the 2nd sweet zone , and before reaching its upper band ,it start to retrace. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

This should be what you meant....

--- 帖子 #576 ---
Does this indicator repaint?

--- 帖子 #577 ---
No , as soon as pattern is found ,and drawn , a find flag will set and don't search for it any more , if you want to have the latest result , it should be initialized again (go to another time frame and return....).

--- 帖子 #578 ---
None of the indicators can find this EURUSD D1 CWW pattern .....

this has been manually drawn....

--- 帖子 #579 ---
but point 3(b) is lower than 1(x)

--- 帖子 #580 ---
DAX H4....nice set up.... imo

--- 帖子 #581 ---
It should be, otherwise line 1_3 & line 2_4 will not converge. this is  CWW as far as i learned .

But according to the logic i have posted before (and i got them from Wolf book ),you are right, i believe here we may need help from more experienced guys ,Expo ...., others..??

--- 帖子 #582 ---
Folks,

Perfect patterns are hard to come by.  In general with trading, close is close enough.  There are many occasions in Bill Wolfe's book where he fudges the start point of the pattern to fit by placing it horizontal to point 3 when it actually has no business being there.  Maybe it was a case of curve-fitting after the event to show trades that work.  To be honest, there are loads of set ups every day that fail so it is a matter of trying to read the chart.  I would suggest looking at whatever setup you find and analysing it objectively.  Can you see Support or resistance around the area you think the market may reverse (and by the way, apart from using fib retracement / extension tools for a leg 1=leg 2 projection, using Fibs are next to useless.  50% is pretty much the only retracement that has any statistical significance and there are very sound mathematical reasons for that!).  The line that the Wolfe Wave generates to give a projected price target is useful in that you can use it to look for obvious support or resistance around that price.  Obviously, when looking to see if a Wolfe Wave is worth trading, it is extremely worthwhile looking to see if there are any adverse magnets that will scupper your trade, if you are in the habit of catching falling knives ( and whatever the opposite may be); if the market is heading somewhere it is usually more obvious on the higher time frame charts (H1, H4).

I hope that helps.

--- 帖子 #583 ---
Thanks a lot sir:

Good advises . would you please elaborate more on the mathematical reason behind 50%.

--- 帖子 #584 ---
Downloaded your indicator parviz1953 . I find this interesting by changing the Ext Depth and using the same time frame. Looking at the middle can see the support on a crossover of the 1 to 4 and 2 to 3 legs on the ext 24 . Two patterns based on different values

--- 帖子 #585 ---
Hi Parviz,

OK the mathematical rationale for a 50% retracement is very simple, but I shall go into a little more detail.

Risk, reward and PROBABILITY.

In order for a trade to make mathematical sense the following must be true:

P(Success)*Reward - P(Failure)*Risk > 0

Probability is the concept that never gets mentioned when traders talk about a trade.  In general they only say 'it's got great risk-reward' and maybe they are right, but only if the probabilities stack up.  With any trade, someone (an institution) has to take the other side of it.  They are not going to take the other side of your trade if they have a tiny probability of winning, and you trade could be buy OR sell.  Therefore, we have to assume that trading survives in a constant fog of probability between say 40 and 60% ie. If you are confident something will happen, then you may have a 60% chance of it occurring.  Traders always want Low risk, High probability, massive reward trades.  They cannot exist! There are fleeting moments throughout the day when probability may approach 70-80% (I wish I could spot them in time!) but the market quickly moves to close this down and probability once again hovers somewhere around the 50% mark ie 50% probability of moving x ticks before an x tick stop is hit.

So, lets take a bull case.  The market has had a strong bull leg and you are impressed with it; impressed enough to think you want to buy a pullback.  The implication is that you feel that the market may be trending and you want to get in on the move.  Trending would then imply that you think the market will make a higher high, at least by a small amount.  As you think the market is trending and the market tends to keep doing what it has been doing then we can surmise that we have a 60% probability of making a new high.  A 50% pullback on the move means that you are midway between where the market is telling you that you need your stop and the high of the move.  Therefore it is the point where Risk (R) = Reward (R). So taking probability into account P(success = 0.6)*R - P(Failure = 0.4)*R = 0.2R > 0 so it is mathematically logical to take the trade or as Al Brooks would say 'it has a positive traders' equation'.  If we ignore the concept of probability then we can just say that a 50% pullback is the point at which our potential reward is equal to our risk.

Quite long-winded, but I hope that explains it thoroughly.

--- 帖子 #586 ---
Hello is this correct,i set sell limit based on previous resistant at the sweet spot,between 127-141 fibo level

--- 帖子 #587 ---
should i wait until it reach 161 fibo level ???

--- 帖子 #588 ---
thanks! getting better~

Now I know what trading is...

It's a  boring game like " kill your boss ", your boss make you crazy by adding tons of work to you. One day, " one shot in the head and your boss dead - You Won！"

Every time you successfully griped the bottom or top, you will not leave until next N wave appears.

--- 帖子 #589 ---
Hi. In the politest possible way, it would be a real shame if the language on this thread deteriorated.  I would certainly appreciate it if you respect everyone reading this thread and keep it reasonably professional.

Many thanks

--- 帖子 #590 ---
patterns are important.but we should regard to elliot wave and trend etc..

--- 帖子 #591 ---
those samples seem megaphone pattern.there might be bug in parviz ex4

--- 帖子 #592 ---
Did not reach PO,manual entry,running profit

--- 帖子 #593 ---
Which version is this ,did you used the latest one ,if it is so ,yes there should be a bug....?!! since this is not classical WW.....??

the bug free one is on post #560 V1 and then there is a special one changed to the request of mrvgikl... on post #565 V3.

--- 帖子 #594 ---
Thanks a lot again ,what a nice and interesting concept, and you explained it perfectly .

--- 帖子 #595 ---
Dear Parviz1953,

Thanks for the change in the indicator, the general idea is to know how far or near you can be of the sweet zone, or just give the wave as failed. Before giving it for failure my recommendation is to look for it in superior times frames, this is case that you showed before.

It was a failed wave in an inferior time frame and was very far from the second sweet zone, however in a superior time frame there was an almost perfect setup, It is convenient to play with the parameters for different times frames and symbols, for this case were: 14,5,3 (Depht, Deviation and Backstep). GBPUSD have a different swing that EURUSD, etc.

I think your indicator works very well and it would be very convenient to turn it into an expert advisor (EA) to find the rigth setups (the most profitable) by time frame, symbol, time consumed, etc. In dept, deviation .....

Expo33 does well to start working CCW, because it is the easiest to operate, and we should focus effort on those of that kind, other types of Wolfe waves may be more profitable but I agree with Expo33 that CCW is the best for now.

Regards

--- 帖子 #596 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #597 ---
By my opinion, we can not only take trades on those AB=CD wave, we should give market a tolerance range.

Not good at english, picture will show everything:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

using AB-CD wave, stopped out

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

using fibo with CWW together...win

--- 帖子 #598 ---
This is a trend trading CWW, i dont think this is a good idea.

Trend is clear means every body will sell....so the trend will reverse in most cases.

--- 帖子 #599 ---
The waves that are chained, are not CWW and do not operate like a CWW, there is no reliable 100% pattern, none is, Expo33 proposes this type of pattern and wave because it is the simplest and most reliable, but Sometimes also happens that concatenated waves come out, you have to look for confirmations in higher and lower time frames, as well as smaller waves within the larger ones to have less uncertainty and risk, however just like any other pattern or technique fail even when everything is correct.

Here in this approach I reaffirm my idea, the maximum is at the top of the channel of the second sweet zone, the price is where I feel comfortable if it turns against me, and if it goes well, then there is much to gain for so little investment.

This is the idea Parviz1853

--- 帖子 #600 ---
Here are a few charts which will help to explain a Wolfe Wave which happens to be part of a trading idea.

The first chart is a H1 of EURUSD.  We can see the trend line from the 9th was broken on the 29th.  We would usually expect a test of the trend extreme after a decent break of the trend line.  We got the decent break of the trend line and there has been a reasonable tight bear channel from the trend extreme. At the moment it looks like support has been found at a prior signal bar high (circled) and also on another channel line dating back to the 22nd.  This channel line also has the 1,3 and maybe the 5 point on it.  The target line for the wave I am talking about is drawn in thick red.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

However, we don;t know if the market will reverse back up so I now want to identify a reversal on a lower time frame chart such as the 5min.  As we can see, there is another Wolfe Wave possibility on this lower time frame.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

At the moment, although we can see a clear channel line across three lows, the last leg down was far too strong to think about going long.  I would want to see a stronger break of the steep trend line followed by an attempt at bear trend resumption.  I would be looking for a failure of the bear trend resumption at a support level, such as a signal bar high and maybe even a  wedge bottom.  I would then want a decent bull signal bar after the bulls have shown decent strength and that they may have the ability to take control over the market.

--- 帖子 #601 ---
Been trading WWs for years.  The secret is that the 'X' must be a new high or low. You can't have an X in mid price obscurity.  WWs exist at the bottom and tops of moves and the best ones stand out -you shouldn't need an Indy to spot them!

The target price should, IMHO (and Linda Rache's) be the intersection of the line connecting points 1 & 4 of the wave where this meets the vertical point where the X-B; A-C line convergence joins.

Point 3 must be higher than 1 when looking at WW short and vice versa.  The lines must converge to give the 'wedge' pattern

--- 帖子 #602 ---
Hi,

I'm not sure if your post was directed at me (?) but I am assuming it was.  I, too, came across the WW pattern years ago and find it interesting - I don't trade it, but generally look at the target line as a guide as to where the market may be heading. For me, identifying the potential WW is the easy part, and no you don't need whatever an Indy is to spot it, but deciding whether it would be a good bet to trade is the hard part. Looking for reasons why the reversal may actually take place (vs continuation) is the more rewarding aspect.  The lower time frame chart I posted was more just to zoom in on the price action, but when I referred to the WW there, the points 1 and 3 are on the line and the target line I inserted crosses below the high of the 4 point because I can see that this was an overshoot of the test of resistance (looking to the left).

--- 帖子 #603 ---
I have a question. Tell me for what reason the indicator parvizclassicWW v3 Is not displayed on the chart, but more specifically as several post above in the picture two gold graphics. Perhaps you need an additional indicator or you will be kind enough to provide a kit with a template

--- 帖子 #604 ---
So to carry on from my original charts, we have a number of good reasons to enter this reversal and trade the Wolfe Wave.

The bulls showed the ability to string 3 decent sized bars together whilst breaking the trend line.

The bears met support and formed a double bottom (thick blue line) whilst at the same time forming a triangle / wedge (thick red line) and also a micro-wedge (thick orange line).  The excellent bull signal bar then provided and entry at one tick above with a stop at around 10730.  This still may not work out, but there were, in my opinion, sound reasons to take this trade.

There is an adverse magnet for a measured move down at around 10700 though.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #605 ---
Exactly.

--- 帖子 #606 ---
Your posts on wolf waves are for most not corrects, you are misleading the readers.

--- 帖子 #607 ---
So in Bill Wolfe's book where he outlines 'The Perfect Wave' - where is the new high made at the target price?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I am certainly not attempting to mislead anyone.  I make it quite clear that my aim is to spot the WW and look for a number of reasons to trade a reversal on, probably, a lower time frame whilst using the target line to look for support or resistance in that area to aim for.  In the process I hope to help people to understand a bit more about price action so that they don't blindly trade (IMHO) meaningless Fib numbers whilst trying to catch falling knives.

Constructive posts are, in general, more helpful.

--- 帖子 #608 ---
"where is the new high made at the target price?"

I was not talking about that but about your wrong wolfe wave examples, the target is up to debate of course and up to everyone, which is actually the hardest part, where is the best taking profit level, as in any pattern/strategy/system.

I have no doubt that your participation is of a good intention but your are just wrong, you should read more of this thread and step back on your posting because most of it are not good examples.

I am sure your attempt was not to mislead anyone, I am just saying that you are doing so because you do not fully understand the so said pattern.

Regards,

--- 帖子 #609 ---
LDFX,

Please point out, in the Wolfe Wave I posted above (Post 601), what you feel is wrong with it and let's have a constructive discussion. I am perfectly happy to admit I am wrong if it transpires that I am.

Many thanks

Edit:  Actually, I do understand that that is not a good example and I admit that you are correct on this occasion.  The length of the legs are not particularly symmetrical.

--- 帖子 #610 ---
Yes fair enough, give me a moment please, I will try my best.

--- 帖子 #611 ---
It is ok - I have edited the post above and I have conceded that, on this occasion, you have a point and are correct!

--- 帖子 #612 ---
Ok, first of all is the 4th point you called, it is not a wave, it is just nothing compared to the 1-2 and 2-3 wave, it is just noise.

However the chart you showed is luckily clean, we can clearly see the beginning of an ABC retracement pattern with usually a wolfe wave pattern in it, I can just see the first leg, XA or A, then on zooming in you are showing an invalid wolfe wave because it is an expanding channel rather than a wedge, I can see there is an AB=CD pattern in terms of levels but not in time, the downward momentum is clearly strong, put a channel on it as an indicator and you will see.

--- 帖子 #613 ---
As I said above, I have conceded that you are correct.

I do disagree about your 'noise' comment as I don't think that the market makes noise.  There is generally a reason for price movements even if we don't understand what those reasons are - just my opinion.

OK, I will try to be more careful about what I call Wolfe Waves in future.

I am more interested in the price action so if I see something that I feel can help others during a potential reversal I will try to explain it as I am enthusiastic about understanding what charts are telling us.  When I see the general pattern that I outlined in post 601 I will look for reasons to trade a reversal, but you are correct - it is not a Wolfe Wave.  However, these patterns do often give a reversal trader something to think about.

All the best and thank you for the constructive discussion.

--- 帖子 #614 ---
Is it a matter of being right ?

You talked about constructive post and I tried my best about trying to correct you in the wolfe wave pattern.

The noise I was talking about was relative to the 1-2 and 2-3 wave as it was maybe 15% on it size, it is then noise relative to it.

And how would have been your risk vs reward with such a small profit target ? Noise is what it was.

The market makes noises all the time, pulling out mirages in front of you, the key is to see the noises, AKA the insignificant moves that takes place, and to filter them, otherwise you will see patterns everywhere as your example in post 601.

By the way, how has been the trade of the post 601 ?

--- 帖子 #615 ---
LDFX,

It sounds like you are looking for a fight!

'Noise' to me is generally what people call price movements when they can see no reason for what is going on so if you were referring to noise as a comparison to the prior wave then fine - it is not the terminology that I would use, but I hear what you are saying.

As I said at the start of post 601, my reason for looking for the reversal up was to have a test of the trend high or at least the trend line that was broken so actually the potential reward for the trade idea was very large - my target is 10804 - 10812 if you want figures. Just because there is a target line there does not mean the market will stop there.

Are you asking how the trade is doing because you don't have charts and cannot check yourself or are you asking to try to make me look silly?  Depending on how one manages one's trades one will not lose money on the trade I outlined.  Everyone manages trades differently and one could have removed half at 1x risk with a view of swinging the rest, or one could wait for 3 or 4 consecutive bear bars and decide that the market was flipping and exit at the market.  Or, one can just rely on one's stop and accept that you win some, you lose some.

--- 帖子 #616 ---
Grimweasel and expo33 will second me I am sure.

--- 帖子 #617 ---
If a fight then I am out, I have no time to waste.

("Noise to me is generally what people call price movements when they can see no reason for what is going on" (Quoting salamanda74))

Exactly dude is what happened on your post 601, an irrelevant price move to qualify for a wolf wave pattern.

Haha, so the result of the trade in post 601 would make you look silly ? I am wondering why...

--- 帖子 #618 ---
Watching this setup , its not perfect because its not off the 1st bottom low,

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #619 ---
Well, it is the beginning of a wolfe wave, the set up is still correct, also the AB=CD would end up at a resistance level, it is a valid pattern to watch.

It is actually 2 wolfe waves in it, so even better.

Filtering the patterns with confluence is way better than any indicators.

--- 帖子 #620 ---
What time frame is it ?

I am in a short on ujsdjpy at 111.37

--- 帖子 #621 ---
ok, 1 hour.

You have the last leg of a wolf wave pattern unfolding in a "might be" wolfe wave, so all good, watch it closely and act if seeing selling pressure.

At point D it might be the point D of a smaller pattern, confluence is a great filter and is a needed boost of confidence in this ever facing uncertainty that is the market.

I am in already for a short.

--- 帖子 #622 ---
I'm watching too and to me it seems good, 1-3 and 2-4 converging, 1 between 3 and 4.

--- 帖子 #623 ---
Yes, so far it is a valid wolf wave pattern to anticipate.

--- 帖子 #624 ---
Open post to all readers,

If I have in any way mislead you with any of the pattern I have posted then for that I apologise.

Bill Wolfe prints many patterns in his book and many of them are not the perfect pattern with the leg1= leg2 and some of the 3-4-5 waves are extremely small (noise apparently) compared to the prior 1-2-3 wave.  Even the less convergent patterns make an appearance in Bill Wolfe's book.  I will refrain from giving screenshots of the actual examples here, but they are readily available in the book that Expo kindly attached at the start of this thread.

Having been berated by LDFX for daring to post examples of these less than perfect patterns I was then ridiculed by the same for taking a perfectly acceptable reversal trade which turned out to be a loser. As that is unacceptable behaviour in my book then I see no reason to continue posting here unless anyone actually asks me to carry on by way of a public post.  My aim is to provide a different angle based on reading charts and putting a decent argument together for a trade.  I have provided examples of some excellent trades on here, some of which have led to large profits.  I shall continue to watch the forum, but for now I will refrain from posting unless specifically asked to carry on.

Good luck to all of you traders out there!

--- 帖子 #625 ---
Entry activated at 127 fibo level

--- 帖子 #626 ---
Eurusd m15 instant entry

--- 帖子 #627 ---
I believe we are all learning from both of you, even from this harsh discussion.

please..... please, may we all behave more maturely ....

--- 帖子 #628 ---
You tell you want to help others, and I believe you, but I think you're doing the wrong way and maybe in the wrong place as well.

There are some points in your posts that I didn't like but everyone can think in a different way so I will focus just on two things that make me think what I wrote before. You said you don't trade WW and you don't believe in fibos and in fact in your analysis there are no fibos and WW are just the last confirmation of other studies that make you decide to trade or not.

So my question is, do you really think to have the right attitude/behavior? You're going against what this thread is about and now you feel offended because someone made you notice that maybe you're doing wrong. If you want to help others I think you should be less egocentric.

Don't feel offended please, I don't mean to offend anybody.

--- 帖子 #629 ---
Hi all :

this is the same Tf and pair as my previous post, although it lacks one of the conditions of CWW(B is lower than X), if you are higher time frame trader like me, profit was good , it has already moved 200 pips and i believe, it will still move between 100 to 300 pips more. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #630 ---
Hi L.m,

Thank you for your feedback.  No offence has been taken.

Just to clarify a couple of points.....I do look at Wolfe Waves and use them to look for reversal trades and I use a Fib tool sometimes to look for Leg 1 =Leg 2 moves. I have posted some charts with the Fib levels on them purely for seeing where a leg 1 = leg 2 would be.  The reason I have no real time for Fibs is that the market movement is basically controlled by computers. If more computers / money think that resistance is at point A than point B then the market will turn at Point A.  This is purely my opinion, but I very much doubt whether the computers have 'look for a 161% Fib extension and place a trade' algorithm.  Maybe I am wrong.  If someone could explain a mathematical rationale for Fibs working in the market  and back it up with some decent evidence then I am willing to be convinced otherwise.  Until then I will just use good old support and resistance. Adam Grimes has done quite a bit of statistical analysis on Fib levels and he could find no evidence for Fibs working.

The main reason I was frustrated is that some of my charts are not perfect examples of Wolfe Waves, but they are a type of Wolfe Wave as I understand it from reading Bill Wolfe's book.  The charts below are taken directly from the Wolfe book.  I have conceded that some of my charts are not brilliant examples in terms of symmetry, but in terms of looking for reversals they are not too dissimilar to those posted below. So I have not sought to mislead anyone and I do genuinely seek to help.  When I was laughed at for a trade not going as hoped and being breakeven rather than a winner, I decided that there was no point posting any more when there is childish behavior like that directed at me.  I am not prepared to tolerate that and have better things to do with my time.  Once again, thank you for your feedback and all the best.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #631 ---
Agree - we are not trying to 'berate' anyone; just point people in the right direction. You need to learn this stuff over years. See attached example for clarity.

In short, don't look and try to curve-fit patterns to charts where WW or any price action doesn't exist!

Look for a rising / falling wedge. Then apply the basic WW 'rules'. Draw your lines. 3 and 5 must be higher than 1. 4 must be higher than 2. The wedge lines MUST converge in the future. Await price action at point 5 before selling. Use support levels or ATR targets to set limit orders, or whatever MM you use. Simples.

See attached example on USDCHF that I traded and tweeted about.

--- 帖子 #632 ---
exactly...he did not use WW for trading, and he is here to guide people how to use WW....what a ridiculous scene!

--- 帖子 #633 ---
sorry sir. I do respect your post cause you've been trading with WW for years.

But i completely don't understand what you are drawing on the pic

This is a CWW by my view.

--- 帖子 #634 ---
About the fibos, maybe you're right or maybe they're just like other S/R levels, sometimes they work sometimes they don't and it's up to each trader find a profitable way to use them.

About WW, the structure is always the same. What Wolfe sometimes does is to "manage" point 1 in order to get the structure he wants. I don't like it of course because this is the typical way to make things happen.

In your charts sometimes it's hard for me to see the waves, I'd appreciate if you put the numbers on to help me get what you're saying. Thanks

What Expo33 says instead is that the convergence is not always necessary, and I agree with him but I also agree with his aim to focus only on the classical patterns at the beginning, because overtrading is one of the usual mistakes newbies make.

In one of your previous posts you talked about filtering bad trades, maybe it would be more useful to show some live patterns you decide not to take. I say live, because human brain needs to find the reasons why things happen and one of the most difficult aspects (always underestimated) is to avoid creating false reasons. A trade can fail just because they can't be all good trades. Overthinking like overtrading is a big issue.

I wish you and everybody many green pips.

--- 帖子 #635 ---
UKX H1 Wedge Wolfe Wave in progress

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #636 ---
NO！！！！！ This is not a WW!  where is AB and CD? Are they match?!

--- 帖子 #637 ---
CWW  AB/CD waves are very close

--- 帖子 #638 ---
Please see Grimweasel's post 632 above for an excellent description of how wedges function and how he views them as Wolfe waves.

I do enjoy your posts though - they make me smile

--- 帖子 #639 ---
got it...new to me!

did expo33 mention how to use those patterns?

--- 帖子 #640 ---
I doubt it.

As more of a price action trader I do trade wedges, but before reading Grimweasel's post above, I would not have classed them strictly as Wolfe Waves.  However, I bow to his greater experience at trading Wolfe Waves.

--- 帖子 #641 ---
I realized that filtering WW using parviz indicator at the same time follow zigzag indicator most likely to be a home run trade,btw i adjusted extdepth to 24

--- 帖子 #642 ---
Thanks

--- 帖子 #643 ---
This was indeed a real wolfe wave, the 5th wave exactly reversed at the 1-3 trend line in a wedge formation, hope you get rewarded, anyway you did at least brake even thanks to the bounce ?

--- 帖子 #644 ---
Hi buddy,

actually the AB=CD pattern is a filter that Expo33 came by with but is not necessary to fulfill the wolf wave pattern.

Confluence of course helps.

--- 帖子 #645 ---
Hi sir :

I believe that now we are limiting ourselves with wedge concept to an occasions where the D or the 5th wave is just touching the line 1-3, and only the lower border of so called Sweet Zone, as far as i have learned, the definition of CWW include not only these cases, but also those which extend into the S.Zone, and not only that but as our friend mentioned earlier wolfe even included those 5th point which penetrate, what has been called 2nd S.zone.

what you are saying does not include all cases which is, by definition, a true CWW.

--- 帖子 #646 ---
2nd sweet zone, have I understood correctly ? If yes please send me some screenshots as example, thanks in advance dude.

--- 帖子 #647 ---
Please refer to wolfe textbook , and you can see what, i named it as the 2nd sweet zone ,post #563 has the original graph,  and post#564 which was my responce , indeed it is a zone starting from point 1 , (instead of 3 in definition of sweet zone), and parallel to line 2_4 .

--- 帖子 #648 ---
Oh yes I see it, it makes a fair alternative even if I do not like it, good input though.

--- 帖子 #649 ---
You know what it is in reality, it is when the waves continue to form, the third point in a typical Elliot's wave channel , and there it reverse to form the 4th one, and this was why i accepted it ,since the reversal can happen there too, based on both of definition .

--- 帖子 #650 ---
NZDUSD

--- 帖子 #651 ---
I was looking for a recent example, i have found this one:setting of parviz v3 indicator for this was 20 ,5 ,3.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

and if you change the zigzag-value indicator setting the same then they both fit. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #652 ---
expo33's ABCD, CWW...result

one loss three winners

--- 帖子 #653 ---
Hi man,

thanks for your examples.

It is basically a ABC elliot wave pattern.

And is the maximum area for a wolf wave.

I actually was aware of it and misinterpreted it.

--- 帖子 #654 ---
You see, great, 3 wins one loss but only 2 wolfe wave patterns in 4, maybe.

It might have been patterns but not wolfe wave pattern, well, perhaps screenshot 2 and 3..., perhaps.

--- 帖子 #655 ---
Attached File(s)   PZ_WolfeWaves.mq4

22 KB
|
722 downloads

--- 帖子 #656 ---
Dear Kminler,expo & All:

During the last 2 weeks i have tried to develop this version of indictor which can predict a Potential CWW when it is forming, I m aware that it is not still bug free, (has some false positive ones, which of course, is easily differentiable visually ), it has an alert on finding which can be set too.

Please i am looking forward for your comments or any suggestion, even for any logic to improve the detection, and prevent false ones, be kind and let me have them.
Attached File(s)   parvizclassic&predictWWv2.ex4

57 KB
|
338 downloads

[attach]

And these are pictures of it in action.

Screen Shot 2017-04-02 at 2.12.05 PM.png;2254603[/attach]
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #657 ---
Hi LDFX:

Please check this version now, the prediction is based on AB=CD, is this acceptable now.

--- 帖子 #658 ---
Pls which is the latest version with more reliable signals.

--- 帖子 #659 ---
The latest one always . Finding the completed CWW part, is nearly bug free, the newest addition, which is predication and finding the potential CWW, has of course some bugs that i am aware of, and trying to find and fix them.

Indeed  one of them was found and fixed already, and as soon as  i check it on different pair and TF, and satisfied, i am going to post it.

--- 帖子 #660 ---
Is this better than the v3?

--- 帖子 #661 ---
I hope so, bugs in that version fixed and has more added features now.

--- 帖子 #662 ---
Thanks again for all your hard work, I  have the indie running on some smaller time frames in hopes of generating test signal for the alert feature.

so far it does not appear to be working, had a valid signal on the GBPUSD, but no pop up alert.

I assume that the alert would remain open until I manually closed It?  I run 4 monitors so it is possible that the alert is hidden behind an open window on another screen, though I think it should pop into  view no matter what.

the trade that was spotted was valid and a winnner.

I will keep monitoring and keep you posted.

Keith

--- 帖子 #663 ---
Hi sir:

1)If the indicator find any pattern, then it sets a find flag , make an alert, and stop searching, so if you already have a pattern found and drawn on your chart, its not going to do it again.

2) With so many rules that need to be true for the curve to be acceptable as a valid CWW, it may take a while before it forms if ever.

3) Don't forget that in a time frame while ,one setting (ExtDepth of 6), may not find any, others(ExtDepth of 3 or 12) may.

4) As i said before it is best when used as a scanning tool, put it on a pair , go through different TF , and if you find an interesting and valid CWW then make a note and follow it closely.

By the way check the input for setting and set alert to true, if not done before, and if it find any it is going to give you repeated alarm on every new Bar of that TF,so if it is on M15 it will alert every 15 minute.

Edited: Please Download and use this one, some bugs fixed :
Attached File(s)   parvizclassic&predictWWv3.ex4

59 KB
|
427 downloads

--- 帖子 #664 ---
GU H1

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #665 ---
USDCAD 15min
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #666 ---
EURUSD - H1 Wolfe Wave maybe setting up so one to track

Price currently approaching at least 2 support areas in terms of the signal bar high from the 15th (see large elipse) and a bull trend line throughout the chart.

The rectangle shows price action maybe setting up a Wolfe Wave within.

The small circle shows an approximate 20 point gap that occurred late on in this particular bear trend after numerous sell climaxes.  Whilst it is possible that it is a measuring gap it is more likely to be an exhaustion gap that will be filled soon so gives additional reasons to take a chance on a decent bull reversal setup if one appears. Also, there has been no test of the prior trend high as yet after the trend line break to the downside.  Just my thoughts and I'm sure others will disagree!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #667 ---
Hey Parviz

You the man!!  Downloaded the latest version and alert working perfectly, also all the overnight patterns were valid and winners!

Currently have an alert on the CADJPY 15 min.

I'd post a chart but when I use Ctrl V, it wants to upload all the  monitors not just the chart I want to display. Anyone know another method to upload a chart so that it displays in the message window and not just as a file to be opened?

Thanks

Keith

--- 帖子 #668 ---
Hi all:

Please check this picture, it has some interesting finding:

1)it was a potential CWW which, has now reached its completion target.

2) AB=CD and, interstingly ,D(5) has past the 1st Sweet Zone, and entered into the 2nd one.

3)If it reverse now, it would be a very good chance for a profitable trade, with very good R/R ratio. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #669 ---
Hello Wolfe wavers!!

I'm back from my 10,000 mile vacation journey. Had a fantastic time but am happy to be back home. Lots of work to catch up on around the house and the community.

Thanks to all of you who have kept this thread alive. Looks like there has been some really productive discussions. I'm looking forward to reading through all of the new posts. I haven't looked at a chart in nearly 10 days but am eager to get back into action.

Cheers and good trading

-Kurt

--- 帖子 #670 ---
Welcome home, i was thinking that you have abandoned your own forum ...!!

--- 帖子 #671 ---
Thanks.

I put a note on the first post that I was going to be gone for 10 days on a cruise to Mexico. I promised the family that I wouldn't look at a chart or do any trading while we were on vacation.

Anyways, thank you for all of your hard work. The indicator you are modifying is becoming a very powerful and useful tool for many of the traders here. Imo, by far the best WW indicator I have seen.

I am looking forward to using it on some charts as time permits. Will be very busy for a few days catching up on domestic things though.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #672 ---
Thanks for your indi, it's very useful to quickly scroll the pairs and TF. I think the patterns need to be checked before opening any trade. Since it's based on zigzag it depends by its settings whether the pattern is correct or not.

According to Wolfe, between X(1) and B(3) there can't be another swing low (swing high for rising patterns) so the one in your picture is not a real WW pattern. I've seen others and it was something I wanted to point out, sorry to be late.

I don't think it's possible to solve this issue, just need to check the patterns. But there's a second point I would like to talk about and take the occasion since Expo is here again (welcome back Expo) because I would like to know what he thinks about it. Point X(1) according to the original rules should be between B(3) and C(4) and to me it's an important rule (not included but easy to add in your indi) because if point C(4) fails to clearly break point X(1) it means the trend is strong and the reverse may take longer before to begin.

--- 帖子 #673 ---
Thanks a lot for your good suggestion, i am really disappointed, that others did not give me any feedback.

Both points you mentioned are well taken, as you said yourself, regarding the first one, i really have no idea how it can be implemented, but i will think and work on that, your second point as you say is easily applicable.

Thanks again for your precious comments .

--- 帖子 #674 ---
Hi,

My first post in this thread. Just want to ask, is this a correct formation? Thanks in advance

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #675 ---
it seems correct

--- 帖子 #676 ---
It's a pleasure, you are doing the hard work.

I was thinking about the first "issue". Maybe you could add a filter based on the close price of the candles between 2 points of the pattern, but I'm not a coder and I don't know how to help.

However I'd expect for Expo to tell what he thinks about these things. Another option is to leave as it is, not to filter too much and then it's up to each of us to make some judgement on the detected patterns.

--- 帖子 #677 ---
Exactly ,indeed whenever i try to add a new rule to the logic, then it will draw so few pattern that you don't get a chance yourself to decide and have control. Let it be a challenge for the traders too...

But really it is best used for quick scanning of several pairs and time frame, don't relay on it for real trade, traders should decide themselves.

--- 帖子 #678 ---
Here it is, your 2nd rule applied, it is not bad at all , indeed the pattern seems more logical and beautiful.

PS: I have changed the long name to a simpler one, but still Version is correct and is v4.
Attached File(s)   parvizCWW v4.ex4

57 KB
|
361 downloads

--- 帖子 #679 ---
thanks.

--- 帖子 #680 ---
Agreed CWW...

--- 帖子 #681 ---
CWW....perfect!

--- 帖子 #682 ---
CWW in half way...

--- 帖子 #683 ---
Hi all:

This is Version 5, new features has been added, now you might select the ExtDepth and the Type of CWW, on the screen by clicking the buttons, after new selection it will takes a while, since it is recalculating all data with new ExtDepth, be patient....

I hope you like it....
Attached File(s)   parvizCWW v5.ex4

65 KB
|
340 downloads

--- 帖子 #684 ---
thanks！

AUD H4 H1 both in CWW! let's see what will happen!

--- 帖子 #685 ---
Sorry:

Please Download v5 again, if you have already downloaded it...

This is its new look:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #686 ---
Hello again,

Could u pls. make button X Y adjustable on chart? if text was moved the button will still remain there.

Thanks!

--- 帖子 #687 ---
yesterday dax 5 mn there are both harmonic and WW pattern.

--- 帖子 #688 ---
Hi :

I am afraid, i did not get your point..?

The whole block of text and button will be moved together, when you set the x and y axis in the input...!!

--- 帖子 #689 ---
dear parviz; ithink if there is a bug on zigzag logic of indi.yellow points are deviated

--- 帖子 #690 ---
Thanks:

I was aware of this bug myself , so I was looking for a better one, now the new standard zigzag indicator logic which is provided by MT4 itself was chosen and used.

I hope that the bug is fixed now, I myself did not find it any more....

And in this version also, you can choose your own set of six different ExtDepth values, if you don't like the default ones.
Attached File(s)   parvizCWW v7.ex4

68 KB
|
295 downloads

EDITED:

Unfortunately the problem was not solved , i believe it was in the logic of recounting only those Bars which are new, in all type of indicator to speed up the calculation,

Since i have to recount and recalculate all of the Bars again every time we change a parameter like previous ExtDepth, I have to erase all the values in the buffer, to make a new valid zigzag, I have to change the code again a little bit.

To make the story short, the worst drawback, is slower indicator then, so please be patient when you change these parameter....
Attached File(s)   parvizCWW v7.1 .ex4

67 KB
|
335 downloads

--- 帖子 #691 ---
Backtesting this strategy for a few weeks now,tq parviz,your indi was a big help,looking forward for next update

--- 帖子 #692 ---
Many thanks!!!  V7.1 fits all my needs~

--- 帖子 #693 ---
,feel relaxed and happy, thank you for feedback.

--- 帖子 #694 ---
New idea - Anti-CWW

AB=80%CD

XC<Lowest support on chart (TP is too big)

BUY at nearest support and TP at higher resistance.

--- 帖子 #695 ---
Dear jonirrenicus:

unfortunately I can not use any of your figures and ideas , because it lacks which pair and which time frame you are talking about.

--- 帖子 #696 ---
EURUSD M30

Keep a close look on this one, price has already touched the X(1)_B(3) Line , so nearly a complete CWW. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #697 ---
Hi All:

Somebody before has asked me about wether my indicator is repainting or not? and i said not.

Now Let me elaborate more on this issue technically :

When the indicator find and draw a valid, either a potential or a completed CWW, then as i said it set a found flag and stop repainting it, but the program is still running and on formation of every new ZigZag high or low ,it look to see if it is a new valid one according to the definition of CWW,  and if it does then it will repaint again.

I hope this explanation would be of help regarding this important question.

--- 帖子 #698 ---
Hi everybody,

There is my charts with WW setup I think

Can you confirm that I'm on the good way or not please ?

An other question : If the AB=CD completion is between two Fibo's levels ( 161 & 200 for example) do you think this is a good entry area or do you entry only in AB=CD=Fibo's levels ?

(Sorry for my english mistakes)

EUR-AUD H4
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

EUR-NZD H4
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

GBP-CHF H4
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

GBP-JPY H4
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

GBP-USD H4
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

NZD-JPY H4
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

USD-CAD H4
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

USD-JPY H4
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #699 ---
Very interestingly now, the indicator draw the same chart CWW as a completed CWW. I Believe it would be a profitable buy opportunity and a very good R/R ratio, if you put the SL just below the green line of the 2nd S.zone and TP somewhere above the A_C Line. This will give you a goal of >50 pips
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

And if you follow this in the Daily chart then there you see a potential CWW, just forming, and the D(5) will Complete this one, somewhere around above 300 pips of profit before it retrace, which i estimate it may take a week or two before it happens.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

So soon you will find a good chance of BUY, and taking profit on several steps (50 pips..,......,>300 pips), depending which TF you like to trade on.

--- 帖子 #700 ---
OK now I am seeing that reversal has already started, and this figure shows how i am going to enter the market step wise, i already bought a 0.1 lot and i have a buy stops just above every of the .23, .382, .50, .618 fibo levels with 0.3 lot as pyramiding trades.

I am crossing my fingers, Hopefully the prediction of future price movement will come true.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Also notice that the AB/CD ratio is 144%, and that D(5), has just past the 2nd S.Zone even, until it formed a new pivot point. May be confluence is playing a role here, (coincidence of the daily potential CWW, C(4)point, and this D(5), of the completed M30 CWW, on different TF). Or may be then it is not a typical CWW and it fits the definition of what is called "Bullish Alt AB=CD Pattern".

Please, please i ask, from those experienced trader and Expo to participate and give their comments on this topics. Don't let this forum to fade gradually in dark of silence, and let us all learn from each other.

--- 帖子 #701 ---
hi perviz thanks for the indi, i ve downloaded your latest version but still i am not getting the same picture as you have in eurusd 30 min

--- 帖子 #702 ---
I am very sorry sir, ya that is true, indeed this is a special edition that i kept for myself.....

No really the truth is that:

When the D(5) point passes the line from point X(1) and parallel to A(2)_C(4),(the last allowable boundary of 2nd Sweet Zone) the indicator does not accept it as a valid CWW.

In this version of mine (which i did not dare to put on the forum, since it was misleading), lets this to happen, this is just experimental version, so i kept it to myself.

--- 帖子 #703 ---
Just for comparison: This is the Elltiot's wave counterpart of the same Daily EURUSD Chart.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I believe that if the price comes 20 pips more down and it reaches the 4th point, then on reversal, D(5) will not enter the sweet zone, and it is no more CWW, then it is going to form somewhere before reaching it, making Elliot's 5th point and reverse, to make the rest of it (the A,B,C part of the wave).

And here is the two type of waves superimposed, to see the difference:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #704 ---
brainstorm....

looks like CD must be standardized....

Anyone agree with me?

--- 帖子 #705 ---
It has been standardizd , AB should be equal to CD+/- 10% at most, other than that it is either not a CWW, or a Failed one.

Don't forget that at its best, CWW does only gives 60-70% success rate, which is in real world, a lot better than, 50% chance of a coin flip.

--- 帖子 #706 ---
Hi everybody:

Let me confess that i did not know anything about the CWW, before entering and reading this forum, a generous and excellent work of Expo,.

Now after a deep dive into the definition and its characteristics and coding an indicator for it, I want to define what a CWW is in my humble opinion and as I understand it:
1) CWW is a variant (mutant) form of Elliot's wave, which has been very well defined by the great job of Mr Wolfe, and works as good as it's decent father.

2) It start one extremum of price moves later than Elliot's waves, (X point of it is indeed 1st point of the Elliot's).So a bullish Elliot's wave is a bearish Wolfe wave (look at the superimposed picture of my last post).

3) While in Elliot's Wave, all believe that the best point to enter the market is at the beginning of the formation of 3rd wave(the impulsive 3rd wave), wolfe wave trader are advised to enter the market on the completion of the D(5) point, which is indeed, upon completion of the 5th wave and beginning of the retracement Waves of Elliot's (at the beginning of its ABC wave formation).

4) So, while trades of Elliot's wave follower start "with the trend" at the completion of 2nd point, wolfe's trader wait till trend is finished and its retracement start("Anti_trend trading", beginning at its well defined, best selected point of it ,the "Sweet Zone").

I am looking forward for any comments that teach me, if i am wrong in any parts, or overlooked any details.

Dear expo please mentor me, if i am wrong.

--- 帖子 #707 ---
As I stated previously, not always, but CWWs are often the end points of larger harmonic structures, including Eliiot waves.

However, I can't comment on Elliot waves specifically as I haven't really studied them in depth. I think there have been some knowledgeable EW posters here that have made some very good points on this subject.

--- 帖子 #708 ---
Hi All:

This is the last revision,  a bug fixed, and  i believe it is now bugs free and developed into its best. Thank you all, for sharing your experience with me and helping me to improve it.
Attached File(s)   parvizCWW v7.2.ex4

68 KB
|
358 downloads

--- 帖子 #709 ---
AUDJPY 6H Chart:

5 Waves Impulsive [Down].

[Harmonic Elliott Wave]

Wolfe Wave completing?

Cheers, U2

--- 帖子 #710 ---
Amazing work you have done parviz. As I said this indicator is the "creme de la creme" of WW indicators. Bravo and thank you so much!

I now it's probably is a massive amount of work, but is there any way the inputs can be set up to allow the user to modify the colors, line thickness, etc etc. Without having the code, it seems the only thing that can be modified on the wave structure is the triangle color.

--- 帖子 #711 ---
Thanks a lot sir:

I am really happy that you liked it, the triangle color can be set, but the line thickness is not. If you think it is necessary to have it, that can be added easily.please, explain, and itemize all the inputs that you think should be added, i will implement them in the next update .(you know, more than 20 different objects are created on the chart when program draw a pattern, each with a line thickness, color and position , how do you believe i should categorize them. (for example, for lines i used 3 different color to be separable promptly, for fibo relations and triangle one, and for buttons  two )

--- 帖子 #712 ---
You're welcome Parviz.

I feel bad even asking. My eyes are very sensitive to certain color patterns, hence why I use the black template. For me, I would love to be able to modify every input so I can create a personal color scheme as my default (pretty selfish I know) : zig zag, trend lines, extension lines, target line, pretty mush every element of the structure in your indicator.

If not, no problem. I don't want you to have to work any harder than you already have.

Cheers,

-Kurt

--- 帖子 #713 ---
take or not?

--- 帖子 #714 ---
1) Your chart doesn't show the pair or time frame so I can't analyze the set up

2) "trust no one but yourself" -jonirrenicus

--- 帖子 #715 ---
1） H4

2） have You seen anyone with great success....still post things here?

--- 帖子 #716 ---
Hello jonnirenicus,  pls can you share the support and resistance indicator you use here on this chart. Thanks

--- 帖子 #717 ---
I am sorry but i found another bug in the logic (did not noticed it before), fixed now.
Attached File(s)   parvizCWW V7.3.ex4

70 KB
|
367 downloads

--- 帖子 #718 ---
Still don't know what pair it is?

--- 帖子 #719 ---
GBPUSD

I suggest we should look for trades only on TF no less than H1.

I get this point from a very successful fund manager on a lecture.

--- 帖子 #720 ---
Subscribed to this thread to do a bit of homework on the method which seems interesting, i have done work with Elliot Waves before but never Wolf Waves - should be interesting.

Thanks for the share.

--- 帖子 #721 ---
I believe he is using a kind of Pivot weekly indicator, i will post a very good S/R indicator, and one of the best Pivot indicator that i am using myself, try these ones. Attached File(s)   Pivot_Voty.ex4

68 KB
|
353 downloads

Attached File(s)   sr_zones_ver2.7.ex4

75 KB
|
448 downloads

--- 帖子 #722 ---
Thank you very much

--- 帖子 #723 ---
https://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=152420

first one

--- 帖子 #724 ---
Yes it does, when we find a WW, it has higher successful rate if we pull the trigger on SR.

BTW, Your indi become much smarter than last version....it can scan for good set up 70% of the time.

CWW  with 2nd entries
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #725 ---
Still on rare occasions was drawing, anti WW as CWW, i hope it is fixed now. (I am really surprised, doesn't anybody notice that to report, or doesn't care.. ??)
Attached File(s)   parvizCWW v7.4.ex4

51 KB
|
291 downloads

Edited:

Please download it again... Attached File(s)   parvizCWW v7.4.1.ex4

51 KB
|
388 downloads

--- 帖子 #726 ---
Did anybody take this trade on EURUSD pair, when i have suggested it.....?

It is already in more than 90 pips win position..., and I believe it still go higher.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #727 ---
TP#1 and#2 hit, just a little more for TP#3

GBP/NZD 30MIN CWW

--- 帖子 #728 ---
Let the profit run....cut the loss short....WW is a wonderful system.

Trust me better trade TF no less than H1

--- 帖子 #729 ---
Hi all,

I am new to this thread but have been monitoring it, great work and green pips to all!

Here is a set up i found for GBPJPY on 4hr... anyone else seeing the same set up in sweet zone to go long or am i missing something?

--- 帖子 #730 ---
working really hard? thanks man!

I cant figure out why this indi didnt show such a good set up.

you see, AB=CD with only 4 points diff on daliy chart...

maybe BC condition does not match?

--- 帖子 #731 ---
Hi PipMaster and welcome to the thread.

I have also been tracking this set up and have pending buys from 136.33 to 136.13

Green pips and thanks for posting

--- 帖子 #732 ---
Hard to tell as I am viewing from my phone but it looks like XB and AC are not converging.

--- 帖子 #733 ---
If you go back through my post, you will see that once, it has been suggested that for a Valid CWW the X(1) should be located between B(3) and C(4) ,so i have added this to the logic of CWW. In your picture X is higher than C

--- 帖子 #734 ---
Excellent.

--- 帖子 #735 ---
Exactly, if X was lower than C then the two line were convergent.

--- 帖子 #736 ---
Wow!  I got over 220 pips yesterday. I think the v7.3 Is better than 7.4 because it detects better, check the eurusd trade. Thank you

--- 帖子 #737 ---
thanks! get it!

sometimes i have problem to identify X point, do u have any idea which one is X in below pic?

--- 帖子 #738 ---
Thank you

IS there a post for where i can see TP zones or how to apply a FIB in order to get an idea where TPs should be placed.

Thanks again for the assistance.

--- 帖子 #739 ---
I think TPs really depend on the individual's risk profile but in post #1 I posted a generic TP diagram that I use for higher timeframe trades that have multiple scaled in positions.

--- 帖子 #740 ---
Thank you, well noted.

IS the trade still active on GBPJPY 4hr TF?

--- 帖子 #741 ---
hi parviz, chart name and time frame is missing in alert system

--- 帖子 #742 ---
Hi :

The pictures that you share, lacks the information about pair name, and timeframe, even we have no idea in this picture , what is the ExtDepth of the zigzag.

Anyhow to me none of them can make a valid CWW, but interestingly you see a very nice classic a bearish Head & Shoulder pattern .

--- 帖子 #743 ---
For now the orders are still active.

However, the longer this D leg drags out, the worse the symmetry becomes between AB and CD. There will always be differing viewpoints (which is a good thing) as to when a wave becomes invalid. Obviously there is going to be quite a bit of subjectivity when it comes to trading the WW. If it doesn't play out soon, I may just scrap the set up. There are always plenty of other opportunities.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #744 ---
Finally have had a chance to put in some screen time and use your indicator. I am truly grateful and impressed. The indicator is so versatile too. Really a great work!

--- 帖子 #745 ---
Thanks

--- 帖子 #746 ---
Thank you very much sir for the feedback, problem fixed.
Attached File(s)   parvizCWW v7.4.2.ex4

51 KB
|
324 downloads

--- 帖子 #747 ---
Hi Parviz,

Just wanted to say thank you for all the work you are putting in, to help us all make some pips

--- 帖子 #748 ---
can anyone explain this set up to me???

--- 帖子 #749 ---
What do you want to know about it, D(5) has passed the sweet zone and entered what i was calling 2nd sweet zone, if you go back over my previous post, there was a lot of discussion about it. You want to consider it as a valid CWW or not, that is your choice, i have let the user to decide .

--- 帖子 #750 ---
Thanks buddy ....

--- 帖子 #751 ---
entered long at current levels... lets see!

--- 帖子 #752 ---
Activated 2 positions manually on the GBP/JPY 4HOUR.

Interesting to see a smaller WW on the hourly. I think this scenario adds a nice layer of confluence to the trade. However, with all of the geopolitical risk in the air, the next bomb to drop could easily blow this trade up.

GBP/JPY 4HOUR CWW (trade levels shown)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

GBP/JPY HOURLY CWW (trade levels not shown)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #753 ---
Things are different on my chart, but the result is almost same.

Buy @ 136.28

--- 帖子 #754 ---
Thanks it now can detect more than 70% of the good set up!

One more thing, if you have time could you pls. remove the zigzag line? because we already have zigzagpips indi on the chart...

or may be you can combine zigzag pips with this indi, so we don't need zigzag pips indi anymore...

--- 帖子 #755 ---
Now, you have this option in the input setting.
Attached File(s)   parvizCWW v7.4.3.ex4

51 KB
|
494 downloads

--- 帖子 #756 ---
another problem...sorry....

pls. make it search potential CWW by default, no body care about complete CWW, right?

thanks again!

--- 帖子 #757 ---
Gj is going down to 135.00. Don't buy now

--- 帖子 #758 ---
My buy orders have been waiting all the way down to 136.13 with stops below 136 per my previous post on the 4H CWW set up. Symmetry isn't great but the wave is valid and now my orders are being fillled

Do you have any analysis or a chart supporting your assumption?

--- 帖子 #759 ---
Yes, its an uncomfortable trade due to all the geopolitical factors surrounding this pair.... what are your TPs, if i may ask?

--- 帖子 #760 ---
Post #753 shows the TPs. I tend to micro manage trades that go in my favor.

--- 帖子 #761 ---
Special version, for those who like it as he does. Otherwise not different than V7.4.3
Attached File(s)   parvizCWW v7_4_3.ex4

51 KB
|
338 downloads

--- 帖子 #762 ---
All positions have been filled. GBP data has been very good lately but geopolitical tensions have pushed GJ down. Imho, very good risk reward at the current price level. Any type of positive communication involving N. Korea, US, China, or Russia could send GJ back north. In the meantime, will rely on the CWW structure and let the trade run over the weekend. Right now, GJ hovering right at the AB=CD completion level 136.13

Not Wolfe wave related but EUR/JPY and GBP/JPY share a strong positive correlation. At the moment, EUR/JPY price is coming into what I term an "energy zone" on the daily. It will be interesting heading into next week to see if this zone repels price or if it accelerates through and goes lower.

EUR/JPY DAILY ENERGY ZONE - When price, time, and space meet!
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #763 ---
Expo Thank you for sharing your knowledge.

I think CadJpy its entering to the Zone. What do you think?

Thank you

--- 帖子 #764 ---
Your welcome. Thanks for posting and using the template.

Not the greatest symmetry but certainly a valid WW. Interesting to note that the AB=CD completion level is 81.17 which is the 161FIB extension to the pip, so scaling in down to that point with small positions would seem like a decent option. Also, several other JPY pairs are reaching important support levels. Next week will be very interesting.

Keeping an eye on oil price there is a head and shoulders developing on the hourly

Good luck and have nice weekend

--- 帖子 #765 ---
Yep you are totally right, JPY might go north next week.

Thank for your input.

--- 帖子 #766 ---
Hi All, thank you for a great thread,

and hats off to Parvis for his coding.

I would like to share a few things that have dropped into place

while following the thread.

For me, they are very [VERY] significant.

First you would need to take a look at the attached pics.

They represent the Harmonic Elliott Wave [HEW] Impulse Wave Count,

in 5 waves [(i) to (v)].

To keep it simple, I have added the 1 to 5 basic Wolfe Wave Count.

Also, each and every Wave a and Wave c is a HEW 5 wave Impulse Wave.

Now, that's a lot of 5 wave HEW 5 wave Impulse Waves!

And, that's a lot of Wolfe Waves that end each HEW Impulse Wave.

Virtually an endless supply!

Not only that, the Wave b corrections also contain HEW 5 wave Impulse Waves.

They can be very complicated,

but we already know how complicated corrections can be!

The Wave ii's and iv's also contain 5 wave Impulse Waves.

Cheers, U2

--- 帖子 #767 ---
Thanks for posting U2.

Nice explanation and diagram. This will be very helpful to me and many others!

For myself and anyone else interested, would you recommend any free online resources for HEW study.

Cheers, -Kurt

--- 帖子 #768 ---
[

Hi Uturn:

Thank a lot for you kind complement.

I believe you are making a mistake, when you were naming the CWW counterpart of the HEW, i believe you must start counting one wave later, please refer to my post#704, to see what i mean.

in confirmation of what i said, consider also that for a CWW to be valid X(1) need to be between point B(3) , and C(4).

the third point that i want to mention is that as you said there are a lot of different level of CWW as HEW, and it depends on how you define the ExtDepth of the zigzag indicator ,which gives you larger or smaller high and lows and peak and lawn.

a valid CWW has a strict rules that as a reminder i write it again here for information of all:

Buy Wolf wave:

Low[X]<High[A] &&

Low[X]<High[C] &&

Low[b]<High[C] &&

Low[b]<Low[X] &&

High[C]<High[A]&&

(slope1_3<=slope2_4)&&

D(5) should touch or pass Line1_3&&

D(5) should not pass the boundary of 2nd sweet zone

And you can think , the same form of logic is there, for detection of a Sell Wolfe wave.

EDITED:

And the last point:
Wolfe waves are not impulsive wave of HEW, but indeed the retracement wave of it. And this is why CWW lags one wave later on HEW, as i mentioned earlier.

--- 帖子 #769 ---
These 2 Article may be a good point to start:

http://stockcharts.com/school/doku.p...tt_wave_theory
http://stockcharts.com/school/doku.p..._wave_patterns

And this PDF file which is a comprehensive course:

http://forex-indicators.net/files/in...iott_Waves.pdf

--- 帖子 #770 ---
Thank you Parviz.

--- 帖子 #771 ---
Looks like Yen pairs will open gap up 30-40 pips. Should be an interesting week.

--- 帖子 #772 ---
Hi All:

In this new version, i have added some new features, which i believe, would be very helpful.

1) Now you may put, fibo on any line segment of the wave as you wish, and clear it whenever you want, each of the button act as toggle . you may have two or more fibos at the same time.

2) The other one is "SAVE PATTERN" button, by clicking on it an image of the current pattern is saved on the chart, so that you may move between different TF, and compare it in with other TF pattern or if a new pattern comes in it is not gonna be lost.(if at any time you don't want to have it , go to the object list and remove the objects with time and date stamped in their name, or rerun your template).
Attached File(s)   parvizCWW v8.ex4

72 KB
|
375 downloads

I hope you enjoy it as I do....

PS: By the way i am still not completely sure it is bug free, if you find one, please let me know to fix it.

EDITED: Oh , forgot to mention you may change the color of fibo levels and text related to fibo in the input now.

--- 帖子 #773 ---
Fantastic work Parviz. It just keeps getting better!

--- 帖子 #774 ---
Thanks, You are most welcome

have green pips......

--- 帖子 #775 ---
I feel guilty for even asking but I couldn't really figure out where to change the thick lines to dotted lines with the colors that match my template. Even if I could, it wouldn't help anyways because I have the older code without the new modifications.

I'm sure I could figure out where to just change the colors everywhere I found them in the code to the template colors but I noticed width=2 for the different lines so I don't know what would denote a dotted line. Any suggestions? Heck, I'd be willing to pay to have it done $$$$

--- 帖子 #776 ---
if you just tell me the line thickness and different color for each of the lines that you want for your template, i will change it for you the way you like it, free of any charge, this is my hobby as i said before, i enjoy coding, i am 64 years old ,retired and  wealthy enough....

--- 帖子 #777 ---
Incredibly generous of you Parviz. Ok here goes....

Zig Zag line: Magenta - solid line of minimum thickness

X(1),A(1),B(2),C(3),D(4): Yellow

XC target line: MediumSeaGreen - dotted line

XB line: Crimson - dotted line

AC line and both extension lines from points X and B: Yellow - dotted line

All of the percentages Yellow

I think thats about it, please let me know if that make sense.

Again, so much thanks for your contribution and work here.

-Kurt

Just to visualize it, here is the template.

Note: The dotted DodgerBlue line is the AB=CD completion level. I always like to put it on the chart so I can easily look back for previous areas of S/R. I know it's not part of the indicator as it stands, just had it on the chart as a matter of habit

DXY DAILY
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #778 ---
special thanks to you, bro

--- 帖子 #779 ---
Low liquidity with big geopolitical risk has Yen pairs under pressure

CAD/JPY 4H CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Related scenario for oil. Hourly Head and shoulders testing neckline and also forming a parallel WW.

WTI CRUDE 1H
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #780 ---
Hello Parviz, first of all thanks for great work, can you please add the symbol name to the alert , right now it just alert as "Classic WW in" , it will be easy to know which symbol is generating this alert

--- 帖子 #781 ---
Have a look at this one too, GBPJPY, H1 , a completed CWW with AB=CD, with the setting of 20 (ExtDepth)...
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #782 ---
I'm still long GBJ/JPY on the 4H. Stops below the 200FIB at 135.3, just trying to weather the storm here.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #783 ---
Nice little bounce off the 161FIB

EUR/GBP 1HOUR CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #784 ---
NZD TP

--- 帖子 #785 ---
Strongly agreed!

1 NO red news for G/J for next few days

2 Fibo run out...

3 shape perfect!

4 Strength OK no over beating

The best example ever!

--- 帖子 #786 ---
pls. help me on this zig zag thing....bro!

###########################

double ZigZag2[100];

double LastOne2[2];

int cc2=0;

int dd2=0;

void Zigzag2()

{

for(int Count=0;Count<=99;Count++)

{

if(cc2>1){break;}

ZigZag2[Count]=iCustom(NULL,0,"ZigZag",12,5,3,0,Count);

if (ZigZag2[Count]!=0)

{

LastOne2[cc2]=ZigZag2[Count];

cc2=cc2+1;

if (cc2==1) {dd2=Count+1;}

}

}

double ZigValue=LastOne2[0];

double ZigValue1=LastOne2[1];

checkCreateHorizontalLine(0, objectsName + "ZZHigh", 0, ZigValue, clrGray);

checkCreateHorizontalLine(0, objectsName + "ZZLow", 0, ZigValue1, clrGray);

}

######################################

Using above code i get last 2 swings value, but the value don't update themselfs....

any idea to change the code and get the latest 2 swings value?

--- 帖子 #787 ---
Hi :

I believe this version, will satisfy everybody's taste ....
Attached File(s)   parvizCWW v8.1.ex4

70 KB
|
370 downloads

--- 帖子 #788 ---
It is really coded in a very hard way, and does not have any comments, but anyhow try this if it would be of any help:

double ZigZag2[100];

double LastOne2[2];

int i=0;

double Temp=0;

for(int Count=0;Count<=99;Count++)

{

Temp=iCustom(NULL,0,"ZigZag",12,5,3,0,Count)

if(Temp != EMPTY_VALUE)

{

LastOne2[i]=Temp;

i++;

}

}

--- 帖子 #789 ---
USDJPY 12H Chart:

[Sorry it's not in mt4 format]

I have a valid HEW 5 wave count to the low.
Edit: Need to see it build a base on lower time frames.

Cheers, U2

[I'll see if I can get it on mt4 with the latest template]

--- 帖子 #790 ---
what is your target bro??

--- 帖子 #791 ---
Really , are you using the latest version , since this issue was fixed already...?

I will check again and fix it, if there is any bug.....

thanks for feedback.

EDITTED

I have double checked it, there is no problem with that.

--- 帖子 #792 ---
No success with mt4. It must fall outside the CWW parameters.

Cheers, U2

--- 帖子 #793 ---
Long term, I'm seeing the resumption of the uptrend.

Once I see a base in place I can measure from there.

I need a Wave i and Wave ii for this.

[HEW not WW]

Also happy to count the waves and trade it up to the WW 1-4 line.

This would see it up to ~113?
Edit: I would also like to see DX reverse [to Long].

Cheers, U2

--- 帖子 #794 ---
Hi :

yes it does, because X(1), is not located between B(3) and C(4).

--- 帖子 #795 ---
Thanks Parvis.

It misses out by 0.021

[a cats whisker]

--- 帖子 #796 ---
May be i should define a zone for that, rather than a fixed values??, eg. within 5-10%  lower than B(3) or Higher than C(4), be accepted valid??

--- 帖子 #797 ---
Thanks, bro for the indicator. It becomes already interesting.

Remarks:

1. When I switch timefreym, the ZZ parameter go from 20 to 6 (ExtDepth).

2. To reduce the text size on buttons (ExtDepth).

3. To make a choice of color of buttons (ExtDepth) and the choice of color of the letters XABCD separately.

--- 帖子 #798 ---
Hi:

1) Changing timeframe reinitialize the indicator, so it goes to it default values.

2)I rather have the largest possible font size that fits within the button boundary.

3)It is indeed combination of 3 color, ON state, OFF state and the text color, if i add these ones too, the input panel will be too crowded, even more than now.

4) please give me ideas on changing the logic, or anything that can improve the detection of CWW, or how to get more pips.....

not anymore about the appearance of it.

PS:

By the way, the 2nd value in the input list of ExtDepth, is the default value, if you change it to 20, you will always have that button at the start.

--- 帖子 #799 ---
Bravo Parviz! Thank you

A couple of questions:

1) Is there an easy way to replace the zigzag you are using and replace it with the one that shows the "pips/candles" like the one I have on the post#1 template, or will that mess up the way the indicator is works?

2) If so, is there a way to re-position the X(1) A(2)......values so they are directly above/below the zigzag point enough distance so one can see the pip/candle values?

I can always change the "extdepth" on the ZigZag that shows the pips/candles to match whatever the value is on your indicator to match the particular set up, but still can't see the values very well

"Give an inch take a mile", but my father is Canadian so it's not my fault

I use that GBP/JPY HOURLY as an example:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #800 ---
good idea mate!

--- 帖子 #801 ---
1)I should read its code to see how it would be possible.

2)Each item on the chart has a time and a price dimension, price axis scale change exponentially, so ten pip higher on higher places on chart is equal sometimes to 100 pips in some places lower on the same chart so with different price variation on different charts the location of the X,A,B,C,D text will change, so i decided to put it right were the price is and only shift the time value to the right, for location to be fixed, for all kind of price movement within the visible chart area.

3)Let me read zigzag code, i may find a way and tell you what to change in the code, to relocate those numbers. (Not mine...)

--- 帖子 #802 ---
I respectfully disagree.

On a daily chart we may be talking anywhere from 20-100 pips or more for 5-10%. Lower lows, higher highs was the original principle behind the WW. However, Bill Wolfe did show examples where the XB line was horizontal (the parallel WW which probably should be called the horizontal WW)

Point being, this may be a Pandora's box. Where does it end? Why not 12%, etc ,etc. Especially considering any new traders that may be starting their new WW journey. Just more confusion if they have perused the other free online resources related to WWs.

Maybe it's best for traders to just draw the wave manually if they want to stretch the parameters in this way.

Just my thoughts

And just so I understand what is being proposed. So the set up below would now become a potential WW? If so, my vote would be "nay"

NZD/USD DAILY
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #803 ---
Agree Expo,

I am also looking from an Elliott Wave perspective,

which makes it valid for me.

Cheers, U2

--- 帖子 #804 ---
I see what you're saying. I forgot about the time frame shifts.

--- 帖子 #805 ---
I completely understand. I never made it past the 3rd page in my EW studies, so my little WW world is still very simple

--- 帖子 #806 ---
Hi Expo :

1) Find this part of the code near the end of program: else LabelPos = Low[ib]; , it has been repeated two times.

2) change both of them with this code : else LabelPos = NormalizeDouble(Low[ib]-0.5*iATR(NULL,0,10,ib),Digits);

3)Now compile it and use, problem solved.

4) you can change the position vertically, by modifying the 0.5 coefficient to other numbers, there are four of them 2 for High's and 2 for Low's.

--- 帖子 #807 ---
Perfect

--- 帖子 #808 ---
Hi :

Just i want to mention few thing about the charts that you are sharing.

1) I believe the way you count the waves is a problem, you mixes waves of different fractal levels in counting.

2) The HEW as far as i Know, usually moves in a channel, the first wave 1 , comes from a point outside the channel (point X) to form the first impulse wave #1 , then it retrace forms #2, after that another usually the largest wave #3 and so on to the fifth wave, the fifth wave, in 50% of the HEW, may not rich the upper channel line, and is referred to as The aborted fifth wave. reteracement of this wave is the beginning of corrective waves abc and/or even abcde. This is the wave which makes the third touch of price with trend line and will eventually break it.

3)some of the waves that you are counting are not as large as it should be, they are smaller waves of a lower fractals(Noises)

4) The best location to trade is at the beginning of #3 wave in HEW, which is a big challenge to locate so early in it formation, and resulted in most of my failures..., in contrast CWW best trade location is at the beginning of the corrective wave abc, after formation of D(5) point, which locating this one too, plays with your soul and money....

5) HEW suggest trading with the trend buy, in upward moving channel, while an up going CWW is called a SELL CWW wave and suggest to take a sell trade, after D(5) completion.

These are just my idea, no offense.

--- 帖子 #809 ---
Hi Parvis,

The Elliott Wave I follow is called Harmonic Elliott Wave.

It differs from Traditional Elliott Wave.

It simplifies the wave count, and clears up some of the ambiguities of Elliott Wave.

There are no failed fifth waves in HEW, or channel constraints.

Easiest way to understand it would be to watch the introduction video.
http://www.harmonic-ewave.com/

Cheers, U2

--- 帖子 #810 ---
Use 3 drives & WW

--- 帖子 #811 ---
Just to clarify my point more, this is your pair, unfortunately i don't have 12H TF, so i am drawing it on the 1 day chart.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

This is a bearish HEW, and these are the waves of the same degree of fractals, now has just finished its 3rd wave is going up to form the 4th one .

An interesting thing about 3rd wave is that since it is the longest and the largest one, in many occasion you can see formation of a what is called zigzag wave (or ABC pattern), during formation of its leg

--- 帖子 #812 ---
Thank you very much, today at last I learned something new, i'm very sorry.

--- 帖子 #813 ---
Would you please give me the reference ..?

--- 帖子 #814 ---
Thanks Parviz.

I don't have the new code though

--- 帖子 #815 ---
thanks! But it's not working.... retruned with a critical error in EA

void Zigzag2()

{

for(int Count=0;Count<=99;Count++)

{

Temp=iCustom(NULL,0,"ZigZag",12,5,3,0,Count);

if(Temp != EMPTY_VALUE)

{

LastOne2[i2]=Temp;

i2++;

}

}

double ZigValue=LastOne2[0];

double ZigValue1=LastOne2[1];

checkCreateHorizontalLine(0, objectsName + "ZZHigh", 0, ZigValue, clrGray);

checkCreateHorizontalLine(0, objectsName + "ZZLow", 0, ZigValue1, clrGray);

}

--- 帖子 #816 ---
Sorry , I don't have anymore idea...?!!

--- 帖子 #817 ---
OH , no this is the code of your zigzag indicator, not mine.

i have changed it and it takes only less than 5 minute and it will work like a charm.

Here it is, i have changed it already, just compile and run.
Attached File(s)   ZIGZAG-VALUE.mq4

17 KB
|
391 downloads

--- 帖子 #818 ---
Thanks.

Sorry, hanging out at my daughter's kindergarten class all day makes me scatter brained

--- 帖子 #819 ---
Tell them to teach Forex in Class time and i'm sure you will stay focused....

Hi daddy what is chart what is bull / bear what is that line.....

--- 帖子 #820 ---
not too bad...560 pips now

--- 帖子 #821 ---
please not again, what pair ? which time frame ?

--- 帖子 #822 ---
LOL...

--- 帖子 #823 ---
G/J, you pick up the signal and i just follow....

another 1000....

--- 帖子 #824 ---
Great trade on GBPJPY... right from the bottom and still riding it...

Thanks Guys!!!

--- 帖子 #825 ---
Hi:

I believe the bullish ride of GBPJPY has came to its end, the reasons:

1)It has already reached the Target Line and had some reversal.(look at the picture in post #824)

2) In tis picture I tried to combine Both potential CWW and HEW as i learned recently, as you see it completed the 4th wave already.

3)I hope that somebody correct me if i am wrong, especially i ask for any idea or help from UTurn2.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #826 ---
Hi everybody:

I have received, several private message requesting me either to change an indicator, or writing new one for them.

As i said before, i am a novice in both trading and coding, just had a chance to review and read codes of professional programers ,and used their subroutines in my program, indeed all the credits should go to these generous people that shared their excellent works with others.

--- 帖子 #827 ---
I follow what your saying... but such a bullish move is more likely to carry on with its current momentum , for me as long as we stay above 138.40/70 zones im happy to carry on trailing this move up....  i can potentially see this reaching 142+ within this week... Daily TF is showing a target towards this level also.

Until we make a LH and a LL i remain quite bullish this pair!

--- 帖子 #828 ---
still dont know what happened in UK....

near my TP

--- 帖子 #829 ---
Hello Expo33, I am new to the Wolfe Waves and Forex Trading and I have been following your Trading system for quite sometime now... I am quite confusing on how do you define the X point and base on what criteria???Please advise.

Thank you

--- 帖子 #830 ---
Hi Chienung, thanks for posting. A very good question.

Im sure opinions will vary but for me any minor high or minor low will work. Swing highs or lows would be ideal but in my opinion not always necessary. Personally I like starting points to be at least somewhat distinct from the general price action.

Maybe some other posters will add their insight as well

Green pips

-Kurt

--- 帖子 #831 ---
You did a great job!

look at it! What a great indicator it is....missed that trade

AB=CD diff=10%

--- 帖子 #832 ---
You are very modest and you're work here is very generous. Although trading is an individual endeavor, it also has some team play as well. This thread is exactly what I was hoping for. Traders sharing their knowledge and special abilities all in the hopes that more people can attain their personal goals. iron sharpening iron.

i know you said that you are retired and this is a hobby, I just hope members aren't unfairly taking advantage of your time

--- 帖子 #833 ---
GBPJPY MLY Chart:

Hi Parviz,

just read your post.

Not one that I trade, however, the MLY may be the key.

Looks like an Uptrend began in 2011,

with a correction ending in 2016.

Wave ii White may be in place with a 50% retrace of Wave i White.

So far, it's presenting a pin bar [Doji].

The Wave iii White minimum target would be 181.225.

I'll take a look on lower time frames and post again.

Cheers, U2

--- 帖子 #834 ---
Smaller positions with generous SL gives this set up a nice potential RR. Looking at the weekly, there should be a considerable battle at this level

GBP/USD DAILY CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

GBP/USD WEEKLY S/R
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #835 ---
GBPJPY 1H Chart:

Possible wave count.

Cheers, U2

--- 帖子 #836 ---
usdcad h1 it sounds strange .how is yours

--- 帖子 #837 ---
Thanks a lot but:

1) I wanted you to give me your idea about my HEW wave counting on the picture.(it is daily GBPJPY)

2) When we don't know what is going to happen in this crazy world and its politicians tomorrow ,who knows where we will be, in years ahead, so i am interested only in daily and weekly charts changes at most .

3)English is my 2nd language, and i am not good at it at all, so would you please, use simpler more understandable grammer ? and explain more, i am a novice as i said in forex trading.

--- 帖子 #838 ---
Hi Parviz,

GBPJPY DLY Chart:

The MLY chart was just to establish the Bullishness of the pair.

I see the Bulls back in charge.

It may be abc correction over.

I agree it's due a correction [pull back],

however, I can't see the WW5 developing.

Your English is fine Parviz.

Truly, no need to worry about it.

Cheers, U2

--- 帖子 #839 ---
Thanks a lot sir for your time.

--- 帖子 #840 ---
Hi :

the fibo levels were not in order and were not shown correctly, error fixed.
Attached File(s)   parvizCWW v8.2.ex4

70 KB
|
388 downloads

--- 帖子 #841 ---
Thanks Parviz.

I just realized that I never posted your indicator on the first post. I have done so now and will continue to update any new versions.

--- 帖子 #842 ---
Thank you Expo33..I really appreciated your early responds. According to what you mentioned (Im sure opinions will vary but for me any minor high or minor low will work. Swing highs or lows would be ideal but in my opinion not always necessary. Personally I like starting points to be at least somewhat distinct from the general price action.) Can you please explain more???!!! I just want to know how did you come up with that X Point at that particular Level??? Why not the previous higher Level???Please advise..Thank you.

--- 帖子 #843 ---
Thank you very much sir, for your kind word about me, i have learned a lot from you and this thread during this process of developing the indicator myself.

I hope everybody who use it, enjoy it.

--- 帖子 #844 ---
I`m sure we are...

I personaly use it for my Live trading levels confirmation

thank you for your hard work creating it and let us use it

all the best

Alex

--- 帖子 #845 ---
You're welcome. I'm assuming you mean the GBP/USD daily trade. I'm away from my computer at the moment and viewing this from my phone right now. The previous swing high you mentioned wouldn't give us a valid WW because point B wouldn't make a higher high. This is a good example of the subjectivity involved when trading WWs. In this particular example I felt that X was distinct enough to be a valid starting point. Also, after mapping out the wave and seeing such good confluence with the filters, I had to trade it. So far it's about +80 pips and all SLs have been moved to BE

--- 帖子 #846 ---
Yes...Mr Expo33...You are such a gentleman... permit me to address you like this..

I really want to learn your trading skill... so that one day in the future I can become successful like you.. I hope!!!???

Now I can understand when B is higher than the X Point you wait for C Point to establish... When C point is also higher than A point then I can see the uptrend is confirmed...Correct me if I am wrong Mr Expo33...Thank you

--- 帖子 #847 ---
Yes you have it correct. Once you train your mind to recognize the structure it will allow you to focus on whatever filters you use so you can take the highest probability trades. If you are unsure try using the WW indicator to find the waves for you, then take the indicator off the chart and look at the structure. The more chart time

you put in the easier it becomes.

By by the way, my name is Kurt.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #848 ---
Agreed！

--- 帖子 #849 ---
Many thanks to Mr. Expo33 & Parviz1953 for ur hard work. Really appreciated.

Maybe this chart is good set up to long AUD ?

--- 帖子 #850 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached File(s)   WolfeWave_indicator_ver7.0.ex4

30 KB
|
668 downloads

--- 帖子 #851 ---
Zup

ParvizWW v3

WW nen

===========

and now show me it your indicator

--- 帖子 #852 ---
Looks good Siawling. Well done!

--- 帖子 #853 ---
Hi Poruchik.

Not technically a Wolfe wave as point C doesn't re-trace back below point X

--- 帖子 #854 ---
that couldnt be spotted by indicator.

--- 帖子 #855 ---
USDJPY 1H Chart:

Short 109.27

[Spotted it on mt4]

Cheers, U2

--- 帖子 #856 ---
USDJPY 1H Chart:

Cheers, U2

--- 帖子 #857 ---
I don't think its a true WW as the pt 3 should be above Pt 1 ,   Even still hope it works for you.

--- 帖子 #858 ---
Let's watch this

--- 帖子 #859 ---
Hi U2

Hope it works out for you but technically doesn't fit the definition of a WW as point 3 needs to be a higher high form point 1.

Cheers, -Kurt

--- 帖子 #860 ---
I didn't take this trade but a beautiful example of perfect AB=CD symmetry. Just barely convergent, but a still a WW. A nice crisp TDI cross as well.

AB and CD both took 7 candles to move exactly 52 pips

EUR/GBP 1H CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #861 ---
Nice one and a good example of the challenges involved in trading a steep WW with a large sweet zone. Something we discussed a few weeks ago, where to enter? AB=CD completion is way down at the 261FIB @ 106.76. But as we discussed, AB=CD isn't a requirement for entering a trade. Candle symmetry is nice, 11 candles for both AB and CD.

I'm curious if you entered this trade and if so how you determined your entry point. TDI cross seems to be the only filter that may have helped on this one.

Good luck, -Kurt

--- 帖子 #862 ---
A good example of a valid WW with absolutely horrible symmetry. AB=CD is in no man's land, and we don't have any meaningful previous S/R in the near past.

To trade or not to trade? We have a TDI cross and multiple rejections at the 261FIB. Other than that, we have a huge sweet zone and we are dealing with a volatile pair.

Small position with large stop above 261FIB or pass on this  trade? One of the reasons I like trading WWs is that there are many other opportunities developing 24/7 so we don't have to force trades.

GBP/AUD 4H CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #863 ---
Allow me to call you master of pips! Great CWW ever! AB=======CD with no difference at all!

--- 帖子 #864 ---
Thanks, but as the saying goes:

"I'm a student of everything but a master of nothing"

--- 帖子 #865 ---
Don't take that, cause GBP is crushing AUD....how to say that? over beated? over beaten? over beating?
Attached Image

A mistake will never be made again...look at this I Stopped out 3 three times...

--- 帖子 #866 ---
CWW looks quite good...but may hold position for one month....lol  who will have that patience must be a really old man....

--- 帖子 #867 ---
I didn't take this trade, just wanted to show an example that emphasizes the need for patience. It still may end up a winner but there are plenty of other fishes in the sea.

--- 帖子 #868 ---
yes let's make WW method better & better...

found 2 patterns today

late CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Anti-WW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #869 ---
It is better to make, it is necessary to specify currency and a time  frame

--- 帖子 #870 ---
last one Anti-ww

TF and Currency at bottom line...

--- 帖子 #871 ---
What is

--- 帖子 #872 ---
Hi Poruchik.

An "Anti Wolfe wave" has the same structure as the classic Wolfe wave except that it is divergent. For example, line XB and line AC are diverging instead of converging. It does NOT fit the definition of a classic Wolfe wave, hence the name "Anti" Wolfe wave.

I am going to remove the Anti WW from the first post and the thread as it's basically causing confusion. I should have never added it in the first place. Better we all just focus on the one classic structure as defined by Mr. Wolfe himself.

Hope that helps.

Cheers, -Kurt

--- 帖子 #873 ---
yes, you should never include that at the first page kurt.  Got me confused for a while there. But it's all good.

I am back to classic wolfe waves now.

--- 帖子 #874 ---
Good to see you back here Croc!

I was actually going to pm you to see if everything was ok.

--- 帖子 #875 ---
Not sure how I missed this one. Nice candle symmetry for AB and CD (12 candles each leg)

NZD/CAD DAILY COMPLETED CWW FOR 300 PIPS
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #876 ---
Been a while since i traded wolfe wave and first one is a victory. No surprise here.  Classic WW.

--- 帖子 #877 ---
Not sure if you have been keeping up to date on all of the new posts, but in case you haven't, "parviz1953" has blessed this thread with an amazing WW indicator. If you haven't tried the newest version, it's on post #1

It allows you to scan thru all time frames. It has multiple zig zag settings, instant fibos for every leg, both sweet zones, inputs to change colors, and the ability to choose completed and/or potential waves. An awesome tool. Let the indicator find the waves then use your filtering system to sift thru and find the best possible set ups.

Anyways, hope you stick a around. Have a great weekend

-Kurt

--- 帖子 #878 ---
yea, i did download his indicator when he first posted it but didn't help me much. But now since you mentioned it, i redownload again and guess what, it has opened my eyes in a big way. I always believe that indicators will cloud my judgement but this one actually helps scan quickly for potential WW in a fast time. I actually needed it a lot because scanning all the pairs daily really put a strain on my eyes and body. Thanks for mentioning that and also thanks a lot for your hard work mr parviz.

In fact, we have a potential ww forming here. It has actually formed for cad/jpy. What do you guys think? Too steep?

See, i would never found this wolfe wave if i have never used the indicator because scanning all pairs on 15-H1 has already put a lot of stress on me. Now i can do until daily.

--- 帖子 #879 ---
I'm glad you tried the new super charged WW indicator version.

I'm still holding long on CAD/JPY from a 4H CWW from last week. Geopolitical risk off took all Yen pairs down the previous week. This week all of those pairs recovered EXCEPT the CAD/JPY. Why?? Because oil prices got crushed. Adding insult to injury, the Canadian CPI inflation data on Friday missed expectations.

My entry was at the green circle. 200FIB being tested a second time. Small position, big stop loss below the 200FIB.

CAD/JPY 4H CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Outside the scope of this thread, but looking at my own Gann fan analysis on the daily suggests we are at an energy point that should provide some resistance. Any recovery in oil prices should give CAD/JPY a nice boost. I would think 80 would be a tough nut to crack.

DAILY CAD/JPY
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #880 ---
Hello Parviz,

I have a question about the fibo AB. Shouldn't it be the other way around? It is drawing lines based on the opposite direction now. XA and BC are fine. I attached this usd/jpy chart for your reference. Just gotta flip the 100 and 0 fibo the other side.

Can you fix it?

Thanks!

--- 帖子 #881 ---
hi my name is Enzo i find this forum by chance i was looking for economic news and i sow a test wolf wave pattern not sure how to use this forum i try to post

and something went wrong thanks for the forum i will be reading some of your post to get familiar of the pattern

i don't trade yet forex i would like to maybe in the future i need to find out what program to use and what brokerage to use

thanks for the forum there is lots of good information

--- 帖子 #882 ---
Hi All,

Getting up to speed with mt4 and Parviz's Indicator.

[For now, I only have mt4 on a demo account,

not my live account]

USDJPY H4 may be shaping up as a CWW?

Cheers, U2

--- 帖子 #883 ---
HI Parviz,

I thought I would compare [Kurt's] CWW with the Harmonic Elliott Impulse Wave.

It looks like you've coded the HEW from Wave iii to Wave v.

Also it defines the end of Wave ii via the zigzags.

So that's 60% of the HEW coded.

[reverse engineered.]

From what I can see, a CWW is a picture perfect

Wave iv and v of a HEW Impulse Wave.

[HEW: the WW Wave b doesn't have to be lower than the WW Wave x]

Cheers, U2

--- 帖子 #884 ---
Hi:

No sir it is correct, when you put a fibo on AB, what you want to measure is the reteracement of BC ,which in your picture it is, correctly shown to be 38.2% exactly.

And all the fibos are the same ,100% line is on the first point and 0% line on the second, and other way around is not giving you what you want to measure.

--- 帖子 #885 ---
There's more..........

This pic. shows a CWW [stretched] which occurs

from HEW Wave (i) to (iii).

The HEW Wave (iii) is usually very long,

so the CWW target would most probably be hit.

So your indicator [Parviz] codes the HEW Impulse waves!
Amazing!

Cheers,

U2

--- 帖子 #886 ---
Hi Uturn2:

What an interesting comparison and brilliant deduction..

--- 帖子 #887 ---
OK , very good , i am really impressed. I was trying to correlate CWW and HEW somehow together, but , bravo i think ,You nailed it.

And your idea , proves what i was saying before, in CWW we are trading the corrections, (wave 4 and wave A, counter trend trades), in contrast to CEW, which we try to catch the trend and trade the impulse waves themselves(Wave 3 and 5).

--- 帖子 #888 ---
Expo33 and parviz 1953 thank you very much for your work and great explain how works WW

--- 帖子 #889 ---
Maybe I am not understanding what is being proposed here. The 12345 pattern in this diagram does not fit the definition of a Wolfe wave as point 4 needs to re trace back higher than point 1. Think we had this discussion earlier but maybe I am missing something? Could you please clarify?

I apologize. I don't want to seem like I'm raining on anyone's parade. I think the discussion is very productive and has the possibility of brainstorming some great ideas, just trying to keep to the purity of the structure.

Cheers, -Kurt

--- 帖子 #890 ---
Hello Jonica and welcome to this thread and to forex factory.

I think as you spend more time here at the forum site you will have a better understanding of how to post comments and chart pictures. You will get more familiar with how to navigate around the site. Ask any questions here, we are glad to help if we can.

In the meantime, if Wolfe waves are something you would like to study, then start from post #1 and take your time.

Cheers, -Kurt

--- 帖子 #891 ---
------

--- 帖子 #892 ---
Hi, Expo & Parviz:

First up I want to thank you for the Wolfe Wave thread and this awesome indicator! You guys rock!

After going through this thread I have a few questions that I hope you can somehow clarify:How am I supposed to use the WW indicator? What I’m still confused about is how you actually determine Point D (5)?  Does the indicator actually give you D (5) when all conditions are met, or else? Do I miss anything? After you have determined D (5), am I right in saying that you just set your limit order there and wait for the market to take you in? When setting your limit order, how do you determine your initial stop-loss? Would be great if you can clarify with some chart examples. Thank you for your time and help!

Shuo

--- 帖子 #893 ---
Hi Shuo and welcome to the thread.

I'll try to answer your questions the best that I can.

1) The indicator chooses potential/completed waves based on the zig zag "ext depth" setting. For instance, one setting might not show a valid wave while a different setting may show a valid wave. I suggest you put the indicator on a chart and change the "extdepth" to each different setting and see what happens. The indicator automatically chooses point D so that the length of segment AB = CD. This doesn't mean that the last leg (CD) will necessarily reach that point, it just shows you where the exact completion point would be if AB were to exactly equal CD. The indicator will give you point D as soon as the CD leg starts, in other words as soon as the zig zag determines point C.

Here is an example where price reversed 61 pips before the D point. Note how the indicator shows where the AB=CD point is even though the price never actually made it down that far.

NZD/CAD DAILY CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

2) Not necessarily. Where you set your order will depend on your personal filtering system. I like to scale in with multiple positions as prices moves into my sweet zone. This is where there is some subjectivity in how you enter. Many traders will wait for the price to reverse, maybe wait for the TDI to cross. I like to use the BC FIB extension, previous S/R, and Gann fans as my filters. I ook for a "zone" for entry not a static price.

3) Again, stop loss will depend on your own personal risk profile. I tend to put my stops below the next FIB extension level. Each trade varies and my stop loss may be dependent on factors that are only particular to that trade.

Hope this helps, any other questions I will try to answer as best I can.

Thanks for posting and best trading to you.

-Kurt

PS. Hopefully Parviz will correct me if I'm wrong. I'm also still learning the finer points of this indicator.

--- 帖子 #894 ---
thanks Kurt

want to ask you what program software are you guy's using to use this indicator Parviz post also any advice on brokerage to use to do demo trading thank you

--- 帖子 #895 ---
@Parviz

I have finally gotten some free time to really have a look at the indicator in action and have a couple of questions:

1) I have never read anywhere or seen anyone use the 120 or 241 FIB. I'm just wondering where you got them from?

2) In the chart below, why does the indicator still show a potential WW when it clearly has broken down and violated the parameters of a valid WW?

Thanks mate
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #896 ---
Hi :

1) In harmonic pattern when C point retrace .382 then the BC projection can be between 241 to 261.8, i got this number from there, and 120 i believe from HEW ? but just i want to add all the possible fibos that anybody may need.

2)when indicator find and draw a pattern , it will stay, unless another new pattern comes up. So as long as there is no new one the last found will remain.

3)Unfortunately , i have lost nearly everything, when a virus has hit my mac computer, and still i was not able to recover them on mac , although i have backups from my source codes but, it was hard to run a window program on the mac to begin with, now during last several days i was trying to return it to its previous state and i failed. I believe i have to buy a new window running computer to be able to revive my codes..

4)For now, I can not think of any thing else, but may be we together can find a solution to change this algorithm later.

Have a nice day

PS : I have checked it again it is indeed 123.6 and will change it in next version.

--- 帖子 #897 ---
Dear Expo :

You are totally right , actually i believe that he was suggesting that if we remove this condition (X location between B and C) it also can give us other opportunity for trading based on the 3rd wave construction of HEW, and this was the reason he said

--- 帖子 #898 ---
Ok, that's kind of what I thought, just wasn't sure if I misunderstood.

--- 帖子 #899 ---
Ok, I've just never seen them anywhere else. The 120 kind of makes the FIB levels a bit crowded.

Anyways, sorry to hear about your computer

--- 帖子 #900 ---
No special software, just the Meta4 platform.

I use FxChoice for my demo (also have live acct with them) because you can have unlimited demo accounts for an unlimited time. Also, they use the New York candle close which I prefer.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #901 ---
Let me tell you an interesting point , get the reciprocal of any of the known fibonacci relations (.382,.5,.618,.707,.786,.886) and you get these secondary fibo relation numbers(2.618,2.0,1.618,1.41,1.27,1.13) and whenever you have point C retracement of the first set you expect to get to the amount of the 2nd set projection of Bc.......!!!

In simple math, we can say : the amount of projection of BC has inverse relationship with amount of C retracement.

And here I quote a part of a good book on harmonic trading by Scott M. Carney

Harmonic Trading Ratios
Primary Ratios:
(Directly derived from the Fibonacci Number Sequence)
0.618 = Primary Ratio
1.618 = Primary Projection
Primary Derived Ratios: 0.786 = Square root of the 0.618 ( ) 0.886 = Fourth root of 0.618 or Square root of the 0.786 ( 1.13 = Fourth root of 1.618 or

Square root of the 1.27 ( ) 1.27 = Square root of the 1.618 (
Complementary Derived Ratios:   0.382 = (1-0.618) or 0.6182 0.707 = Square root of 0.50 ( ) 1.41=Squarerootof2.0( ) 2.0 = (1+1) 2.24=Squarerootof5( ) 2.618 = 1.6182  3.14 = Pi (See later section The Importance of Pi (3.14) in Harmonic Trading) 3.618 = (1+2.618)

--- 帖子 #902 ---
Hi PipsMaster:

I am seeing now how good your prediction was, would you please elaborate more on how did you reach to that conclusion andwhat were the factors or indicators you considered....??(how did you find those numbers 142 and 138.4, were those fibo retracment and projection ??)

--- 帖子 #903 ---
Hi parviz,

My MEDIUM term view is that October 2016 was a turning point low...122 towards 148 i believe that move to be the accumulation phase of a primary trend, we have had our correction back to 135 (50% ) and now i think we enter the participation phase with 148 target possible by June 15th. Then things could get messy, we may even see the excess move to 155 maybe.... we would need to see LH and LL to start negating a more bullish outcome if reach 148.   DOW Theory is what its based on

my levels are based on standard psychological but also technical S+R (support & resistance)... 138.40 zone simply due to being a yearly low even though broken when we reached 135 new year low, as this level  SHOULD come as support the WW gave me that confirmation i wanted to strengthen my case for myself on the DAILY TF, so this brought about further conviction that im in the right move.... 142 was a WW target i had on the daily but i also had such a target as a zone are as we can see it on the DAily TF how many times price reacts to this zone area.

The GAP now does confuse a few things, i dont like GAPS for obvious reasons, but i think with the volatility we will have in this pair and based on the move and cycle i believe we are in i would continue to be bullish (with the price targets i mentioned) till we see either LH - failure swing and negate the bullish outlook, even though fundamentally it should all be against GBPJPY bullish outlook (BREXIT and WARS .... SELL the RUMOR BUY the FACT  )

My Long term view is that we see uncharted territory just not yet, i hope

--- 帖子 #904 ---
Agree, I've seen this before. Of course .5, .707, and .886 aren't technically derived from the sequence in the way the standard fib levels are derived. Still not seeing where the 120 and 241 come from. Not really a big deal anyways, was just curious.

--- 帖子 #905 ---
This is another pragraph from the same book:

[
AB=CD Reciprocal Ratios
In the AB=CD pattern, the alignment of Fibonacci ratios within the structure usually manifests specific reciprocal relationships. The reciprocal ratio of the C point retracement of the AB leg usually indicates which BC projection is utilized to define the Potential Reversal Zone (PRZ). For instance, a 0.618 retracement at the C point typically will possess a 1.618 BC projection that converges closest with the completion of the AB=CD. This reciprocal relationship within the equivalent AB=CD pattern defines the best PRZ for this structure. The reciprocal ratios that complement the AB=CD structure are as follows:
C Point Retracement 0.382
0.50 0.618 0.707 0.786 0.886
BC Projection .24 or 2.618
2.0 1.618 1.41 1.27 1.13
The reciprocal ratios help define the completion of the pattern. However, the most important consideration to remember is that the BC projection should converge closely with the completion of the AB=CD.

when c retracement is .382 then projection is either 2.41 or 2.618(this is exactly copied from the book and there is, interestingly a printing error of .24 ,instead of 2.41)

EDITTED : OH sorry you are right my mistake it was indeed 2.24 and the first number was missed in printing the table.but here i found another source . Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #906 ---
I understand the theory and have seen dozens and dozens of harmonic charts from bats to sharks to gartleys to chipmunks (actually no chipmunks), but I have never seen the 120 appear anywhere. It doesn't appear in either of your posts either. I know, I'm acting like a lawyer prosecuting the poor 120 FIB. "On the night in question, did you or did you not.............."

Anyways, back to Wolfe waves. The French election has kind of thrown many pairs out of their natural harmonic rhythm, which is quite normal for exceptional news events. Once the market settles back into its normal flow, we should see some good opportunities.

Cheers

Note: Maybe the printing error was supposed to be 2.24 because that's the FIB that's shown on Scott's site as well as many others for the BAT pattern. See here: http://harmonictrader.com/blog/2013/08/03/crab/

--- 帖子 #907 ---
Mapped and tracking.

GBP/USD 30MIN CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #908 ---
Mapped and tracking

USD/CAD 1H CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

EDIT: Before this trade triggered, I realized the stop loss wasn't far enough down. If you look at the fib extensions, the SL should be below the 200. Why? Well, theoretically if price breaks the 161 level then it's likely going to continue to the 200 so it makes sense to put the SL below the 200

--- 帖子 #909 ---
First trade of the week triggered. Nice symmetry, let's see how we do here.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #910 ---
2.236

--- 帖子 #911 ---
i took a 15min ucad trade also and got hit stoploss.

--- 帖子 #912 ---
OK : 120 , has been convicted and will be beheaded and omitted by my guillotine ,in the next version, any other correction do you think would be necessary ..?

eg. adding 2.24?

--- 帖子 #913 ---
This happened to work out well, not all trades do, but this is a text book example. Last position just about hit, will close manually at this point. Putting the stop loss below the next fib level gave this trade just enough room to breathe. Nothing worse than being right only to lose because the stop loss wasn't placed correctly.

Not trying to toot my own horn, just walking all the way through this trade
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #914 ---
Excellent.

Thank you Poruchik. I have casually glanced at the golden ratio theory before but this makes it very clear

--- 帖子 #915 ---
The bigger wave always takes precedence over the smaller wave when taking a trade. If you look at post #915 you can see the stop loss for the bigger wave allows the trade to breath properly.

Smaller waves that develop inside bigger waves are used more for exit. For example, you trade a 4H bullish WW and half way to your target price a bearish WW develops on the hourly, maybe time to exit early.

--- 帖子 #916 ---
Off with his head!!!

--- 帖子 #917 ---
Mapped out tracking and waiting

AUD/CAD 1H CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #918 ---
Mapped out tracking and waiting

EUR/GBP 1H CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #919 ---
Both orders filled. Let's see how we do here.

--- 帖子 #920 ---
on the same boat with you master. Let's see.

--- 帖子 #921 ---
Green pips to us.

Flattering compliment. Thank you but no master just Kurt

Cheers

--- 帖子 #922 ---
Thanks for the map out. Didn't notice this on H1. I am in also at a better price. targetting 1.0208

--- 帖子 #923 ---
Welcome mate

im in at 1.0241 and 1.0245 good luck to us!

--- 帖子 #924 ---
ftse100 ihave seen lately.good sample for retest-rejection

--- 帖子 #925 ---
Have you noticed why parvizz's indicator didn't draw this setup? I think it's because of the XA section. It's not clear there with the high low while it's very clear if you look with human eyes. There was a double bottom there and indicator ignored this signal.

--- 帖子 #926 ---
I'm assuming you are taking about the AUD/CAD set up? I can't remember if I found it manually or with the indicator. Do you have the zig zag set right? Time frame?

I'll check when I get home later.

--- 帖子 #927 ---
This usdjpy is now +98 pips up. Happy trading all

--- 帖子 #928 ---
Well done dexterous!

--- 帖子 #929 ---
yes, the aud/cad setup. i have tried with all different settings but it did not show up. I think you found that setup manually. I think i'll go indicator free for a while first and see how it goes.

Edited: My bad, it did show up when i changed to depth 20. I always use 6 and 12 and rarely go to 20. Do you guys change the depth everytime for every pair?

--- 帖子 #930 ---
Ah, 20 rings a bell.

I usually can see the waves beforehand, especially if they are pretty well formed. I change the depth to fit a wave that I know is there then I match it to my personal zig zag that shows the pips and candles. Then I'll take the indicator off so I can see the price action a little better. Especially if im using other filters. Don't want the screen to be too crowded. When I post I like to take everything off the chart except the manual drawing to make it clear for traders to see, especially for traders that may be new to WWs.

By the way it looks like you hit your TP, good job!

--- 帖子 #931 ---
what is your tp for this trade? There is another wolfe wave forming for this pair as we speak.

--- 帖子 #932 ---
Booked 35 pips on one position and was stopped out at BE on the other two. So, trade is over now. Original TPs are on post #919

--- 帖子 #933 ---
Now it's 170 pips up. Congrats everyone

--- 帖子 #934 ---
Thank you Expo

--- 帖子 #935 ---
usdcadh1 seems failed.

--- 帖子 #936 ---
EUR D1

--- 帖子 #937 ---
Took this failed nzd/cad setup earlier. Symmetry was not nice. Need to be extra picky next time when choosing wolfe waves.

--- 帖子 #938 ---
Have to trust the set up and be patient.

Took this trade yesterday but took 1/3 of my position off the table and booked the profit of 35 pips. Then set the other 2/3of my position to BE. Ultimately the other 2/3 of the position got stopped out on a retest. A winning trade, BUT it would have been a home run if I had left the original 30 pip stop loss in place and let the set up play out.

I have to work on my patience.

AUD/CAD 1H CWW HITS TARGET LINE
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #939 ---
I was also tracking this but never entered. Similar set up on EUR/CAD DAILY. That's the one I took.

Good luck, nice start so far

--- 帖子 #940 ---
I'm not sure what you mean "failed".

Depends on your entry and your risk/reward profile.

AB=CD completion level is at 1.3602 and price only went as high as 1.3625. Target line is conservatively at least 100 pips so a 30 pip stop loss from AB=CD keeps this trade alive with a RR a bit more than 3:1

--- 帖子 #941 ---
Sometimes no matter what we do, the trade fails and we just have to accept it and look for the next opportunity. Imo, the symmetry for the ABCD wasn't too bad. It's all about the filters.

I put a Gann fan on the hourly chart (there was a bigger wave in play here, same AB=CD level as the 30 minute though). It shows the completion level being in no mans land. Once a Gann line is broken, there seems to be a good chance it will make it to the next line, which in this case, it did.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #942 ---
Hi all :

Finally, a new window computer, and revival of lost files, back to work again :

new version does not have 120% fibo and and a shorter interactive panel

to fit better in the chart.
Attached File(s)   parvizCWW v8.3.mq4

84 KB
|
428 downloads

--- 帖子 #943 ---
Thanks Parviz.

Glad you are back in business. The 120 FIB got a life time sentence without the possibility of parole!

--- 帖子 #944 ---
Please update the 1st post

--- 帖子 #945 ---
For some reason it won't download for me.

EDIT: Nevermid It downloaded, just didn't see it right away

--- 帖子 #946 ---
Scaling in a little early from .7420 down to .739

AUD/CHF 4H CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #947 ---
Update: Not related to WWs but a 700 pip move after hitting an area of major confluence

Gann fan level reached, trend line test, broken trend line retest, two FIB levels. Best trade of the year for me, thought I'd share it here
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #948 ---
sometimes WW will fail you at first lvl, but you have to try again on next lvl to recover your loss.

NZD/CAD

You see WS and 261.8? that's the second entry. or you may just skip this trade cause it's not near SR lvl.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Same EXP. on E/U

--- 帖子 #949 ---
I am watching this also. But my areas of interest is .7390 to long. Then maybe .7340 for stoploss. What is your stoploss?

--- 帖子 #950 ---
Hmm, i consider it a failed one if it breaks through 2.0. Reentering at 261.8 is well, just another new trade and don't constitute to wolfe waves anymore. You can call that a fibo entry but definitely not a wolfe wave reentry.

Just my 2 cents.

--- 帖子 #951 ---
The stop loss is on my chart at .7370 however I only got 2 small positions filled and have moved both SLs to BE. If I get stopped out I will reload if price moves back towards 74. For now, just free rolling.

My gut feeling was that price wasn't going to make it to the  AB=CD completion level at 7383 so I scaled in earlier than usual.

--- 帖子 #952 ---
yes you are right~ 2nd entry is not a WW on NZD/CAD, but it is a WW on EUR/USD.

Maybe we can trade with this formula...

1 2nd entry in and turns out a new WW, we trade it as normal. (EU for ex.)

2 2nd entry in and turns out nothing, exit earlier. (N/C for ex.)

--- 帖子 #953 ---
Hi All:

Check this one too
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Forget to mention you may not find it with your indicator since D5 had still 20 pip of touching the sweet zone, when it reversed

--- 帖子 #954 ---
Dear Expo :

AS you wished, now you may have the zigzag values on the same indicator, just a few point to mention:

1) The color of zigzag values are the same as fibos, you may select that.

2) There is a factor in input that you may select relative position for values, i have preset it to 10 , you may change it till it fits your taste.

3) You may select to show zigzag line and the values in input, if set to false it does not show either .
Attached File(s)   parvizCWW v8.4.ex4

74 KB
|
328 downloads

PS:By the way i am working on a new version which is going to automate every thing :

1) It look for all 6 Extdepth that you set in the input and draw every thing that can be find and draw them all.

2) for every depth it first look for possible Completed CWW, if can not find any, then it will look for the Potential ones.

3)After it has done that, then you may select which one of the patterns you like to keep and erase the others.

Indeed 70% of the program has been coded already, the reason that i am talking about it now is that, the code is ever growing bigger and bigger and when it is finished it would be really hard to change any part of it. So please everybody interested help me to improve it,  with your ideas and suggestions, what may go wrong by doing that, i mean logically or algorithmic wise , and if it would be worth-ed at all

--- 帖子 #955 ---
That's really fantastic mate.

I will be away from my computer until tomorrow but I just had a moment to put the new indicator on a chart. Really super job!

Only suggestion I have at the moment is getting rid of the decimal place for the pips as it would make it neater and save some space. For example instead of 64.4(8) just 64(8).

Sorry I'm such a color fanatic. Is there any way to allow for changing the color of the zig zag pips/candles without having to make them an input option. I'm assuming its coded to be the same as the fibo input option. If not, no problem. I don't want to add extra work for something so trivial.

I am excited to check out how the extdepth function works but won't have anytime until tomorrow in the morning. I'm hosting a toddler sleepover at my house. Seven kids between 5 and 6 years old!! Then off to a school field trip with them at 9am. Maybe I can sneak a peek at some charts before they wake up. If I don't start making grilled cheese sandwiches right now I am going to have an angry mob of kindergarten kids!

Cheers!

AUD/JPY 1H CWW TESTING NEW INDICATOR
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #956 ---
I'm still using v743, looks very clean..

--- 帖子 #957 ---
Hello my friend,

I thinks there is only one thing need to be changed...

X must touch C, dont u think this rule is too strict?

Sometimes X just a few pips away from C, and that makes the signal invalid...

could u pls. add a range function for X and C based on ADR distance and TF.

EX.

mathabs(X-C)<35% ADR   XC touched = true; (for Period()=D1)   if ADR is 100pips, X-C<35pips =  singal valid

mathabs(X-C)<20% ADR   XC touched = true; (for Period()=H4)

mathabs(X-C)<10% ADR   XC touched = true; (for Period()=H1)

mathabs(X-C)<5% ADR   XC touched = true; (for Period()=M15)

--- 帖子 #958 ---
Here, code for ADR...

point=Point;

if( Digits==3 || Digits==5 ) point=point*10;

int n=1;

static int adr1,adr5,adr10,adr;

double s=0.0;

for(int i=1;i<=20;i++)

{

while(TimeDayOfWeek(iTime(NULL,PERIOD_D1,n))==0) n++;

s=s + ( iHigh(NULL,PERIOD_D1,n) - iLow(NULL,PERIOD_D1,n) )/point;

if(i==1) adr1=MathRound(s);

if(i==5) adr5=MathRound(s/5);

if(i==10) adr10=MathRound(s/10);

n++;

}

adr = MathRound((adr1+adr5+adr10)/3.0);

pls. also add a function to turn on/off for stuffs in yellow box...thanks!

--- 帖子 #959 ---
here, sharing some exp. from a fund manager...

we don't only exit at TP or SL, there is 3rd option.

when 2 heads and 2 bottoms appeared, we have to leave...

--- 帖子 #960 ---
Been having losing streaks lately. Finally a good trade just ended. Anyone take it?

--- 帖子 #961 ---
Great indicator parviz, My question is how do i get all the settings to appear on left side of screen. Right now they block the candles. thanks

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #962 ---
Just got long on this setup: Nice support on the daily in the sweet-zone. I put the target just below the bearish trendline which formed during the last couple of days on the hourly:

Edit: Target Reached

CADCHF:

--- 帖子 #963 ---
Longing GER30 if price hits the sweet-zone!

Nice structural support and trendline when zooming out as well.

--- 帖子 #964 ---
Thank you very much for your interest and comments, but let me see other users idea about your suggestion before implementing them.At present time i am confining  myself to the rules that CWW has and is Expo's rules, who is the founder of this thread .

--- 帖子 #965 ---
euroh

--- 帖子 #966 ---
set the x and y value to wherever you want, eg. x=10 will move it to right

--- 帖子 #967 ---
That is a perfect idea. What i am doing now is scanning the pairs manually by changing depth manually which costs a lot of time and work. And sometimes the formation don't show until i click on refresh which is frustrating. It would be great if it can automatically scan all pairs and all depths and list out all the possible formations.

It would be a good idea if it can scan through multiple timeframes also. For example, if i attach the indicator on a 15min chart, it will show possible formations on H1 or H4 even on daily? Would it be possible? If not, then scanning with all depths first is a start.

--- 帖子 #968 ---
I didn't take this as I haven't had much screen time this week.

Well done Croc. Glad you got back in the winner's circle. Hopefully you can build on that and create some positive trading momentum.

--- 帖子 #969 ---
Thank you for considering my opinion.

This was suggested once before. I still think it best to stick to the purity of the original teaching by Mr. Wolfe. As we discussed before, there are many new traders on this forum and I wouldn't want to confuse them by bending the rules. If experienced traders want to stretch the parameters a little bit, then by all means do so, but maybe they can find those waves manually instead of using the indicator for that. Of course, it's your indicator so please do as you see fit.

--- 帖子 #970 ---
Just entered on this little guy.

Update: Stop Reached

15 min AUDUSD:

--- 帖子 #971 ---
Actually, forget what I said about the colors. I think it's fine the way it is. But getting rid of the decimal point on the pips

would be nice.

--- 帖子 #972 ---
EURJPY Long trade, the timeframe is very small, not very big position on this one!

Edit: Target hit. Risked 9 pips and gained 17.

Nice structural support and 38.2% fib, not a big target as the high of the move is a very strong resistance zone.

--- 帖子 #973 ---
Your wolfe waves are very unclear. It might not be wolfe waves at all. Always look for the ones that are screaming at you.

Word of advice. I see that you are doing it on a smaller timeframe which is what i did when i just started. I think it's totally noise on 15min and lower. Try 30 min and above and you can see clearly the waves forming. Yes there will be less signals. I think there might be only 1 signal per day but the accuracy is much higher.

here's one i did earlier on the 30 min. Hope it helps.

--- 帖子 #974 ---
Done
Attached File(s)   parvizCWW v8.5.ex4

74 KB
|
304 downloads

--- 帖子 #975 ---
Sorry if that's the case. Is the one attached to this post better? I wanted to show the additional confluence that was present as I find that only the Wolfe Wave isn't enough, confluence is needed.

In regards to the low-timeframe tip. I have been researching these since the start of this thread and I have found that the lower timeframes work (almost) as good as the big ones, if strong confluence is present. Today I've had 4 out of 5 winners, where 4 of my trades were on the 5-15 min timeframe.

Sure, the small timeframe ones are not as accurate, but winrate is not everything when trading. I would much rather take 100trades in a month with only 73% winrate, rather than only 20 with 80% winrate.

Please tell me if the setups are still unclear.

Krossaren96

--- 帖子 #976 ---
ok now that you draw it like this, i can totally see the waves. Here i try to replicate your chart. I don't understand your trendline because it doesn't seem like a normal drawing but hey, if it works for you, why not.

I would like to know where is your stoploss and takeprofit initially. How did you enter the trade? Was it based on fib? Candlestick pattern? Would like to learn how you manage to trade that. I am getting boring at higher timeframes as well but i couldnt seem to find peace in smaller timeframes.

Also, can you post your charts as of today? Would like to learn from your winning trades.

--- 帖子 #977 ---
Terrific mate, yes just like your chart. The trendline is not very good at all, the confluence which made me really enter the trade was the 38.2% fib and the strong structural support which you can find further to the left.

My stoploss and profit target are shown on the picture below. I put the stop a good amount below the entry (no real rule, I just thought it looked good. If price moves below that level, it isn't a completed wolfe wave, it will just be praying that price will turn=I'm out). Target is below the small resistance area marked in red.

I usually enter on a limit order where the AB=CD completes if I think there is enough confluence in that area. On this trade there was: Strong structural support, 38.2% fib, very mediocre trendline, 200% fib inversion, wolfe wave and AB=CD pattern. That's enough for me to enter on limit as soon as price reaches the price. This makes it possible for me to get a 1:2 RR with only small movements. Check the chart below. I got a 1:2 RR even though price moved a very limited amount to the upside.

Will post it in my next post, hold on!

--- 帖子 #978 ---
i actually cannot see your initial entry and stoploss/take profit order. Can you specify which point exactly? Or better yet, the number itself?

if you entered at 2, what is your exact number?

--- 帖子 #979 ---
Oh sorry, you wanted the exact number. Exact numbers: Entry: 121.470, Stop: 121.379 Profit: 121.639

Here are the trades I took today. Most of them you can scroll down to see the higher-TF confluence.

1: CADCHF: https://www.tradingview.com/chart/CA...th-confluence/

2: AUDCHF (closed before the weekend for a 1:2 RR): https://www.tradingview.com/chart/AU...th-confluence/

3: AUDUSD (moved to half of my target then hit SL): https://www.tradingview.com/chart/AU...th-confluence/

4: EURCAD (Entered right on the AB=CD tip, but didn't have time to upload until it had already moved a bit. 1:2 profit target, stop a bit under the AB=CD tip):https://www.tradingview.com/chart/EU...JyiJCB-EURCAD/

5: EURJPY (1:2 profit target, stop a bit under the AB=CD tip): https://www.tradingview.com/chart/EU...lfe-Wave-Long/

Sorry about some of them not having the exact entry/stop/tp indicated, I can send it if you really want to lol.

--- 帖子 #980 ---
ok, may i know why you pick that number? Was it random or it is fixed? Can you replicate it next time you see similar setups or it's just based on your gut feeling? I want to pick your brains as to how you pick your entry and stoploss. I don't see the reason you pick that reason because AB=CD ended at 121.50. Why it is 121.47 and not 121.42?

And where is that 200 fib confluence you mentioned? I couldnt find it.

Thanks for answering my friend.

--- 帖子 #981 ---
Haha no problem. Yes the AB=CD didn't exit exactly on 121.47. The reason for the entry being there is that I use the cTrader platform where I just drag-and-drop the orders, I do not type the price in manually. I would place it in approximately the same place, maybe +-1 pip.

The 200% fib is in the pictures. On the attached photo it's at the red arrow, although it is only shown with a "2".

No problem at all buddy, It's friday night and I have nothing better to do  Did you take any nice trades today/during the week?

--- 帖子 #982 ---
Just noticed that I drew that AB=CD a bit wrong. If you look at this picture instead (the red lines) the entry would actually have been at an even better price (about 121.449). Sorry if this caused confusion.

--- 帖子 #983 ---
Bravo mate! Thank you so much.

First post updated with the new version

--- 帖子 #984 ---
Is there any reason why you don't download a meta4 demo platform? That way you can use the amazing indicator that Parviz has worked so hard on. Also, it would make the set ups so much clearer for everyone to see and would encourage a healthy debate on each set up. Everyone would benefit.

For example, on the AUD/CHF trade we discussed, look how clear it is. The indicator even maps out a secondary sweet zone. I think it's a work of art!

AUD/CHF 4H CWW STILL HOLDING LONG

Look at that 200FIB, it's like 10 Roman legions repelling any advance
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #985 ---
Well primarily it is for three reasons. 1: I would much rather be able to find them without the indicator, I am not a very big fan of indicators anymore haha. 2: I have read that the indicator needs a change of settings to find small as well as big patterns, seems easier to do it by hand? 3: I do not like metatrader 4 at all. There are much better charting solutions out there (when trading "naked").

I also tried out one of the first versions but always found it better to find the waves by hand. Of course I want to make it easier for all of you so I just downloaded the latest version (v8.5) but I can't get it to work. Put it into the experts folder but nothing happens when I drag it to the chart. Am I doing something wrong?

Yeah it was a very nice one, I took profit before the markets closed today, 1:2 RR, nice!

--- 帖子 #986 ---
Lol Wolfe Waves.

Ignored, what a surprise. Come on guys, ask yourself one simple question - are you making consistent money from this baloney? If not, it's time to find something based more on market facts and less on voodoo waves. To the reply below, it's no skin off my nose buddy. Yes I go around to different threads. Why? Because I want people to stop letting others think for them. Critical thinking and looking at the raw price data is what works. Obfuscating data with waves, averages, or oscillators just puts you behind the game. Your loss, literally.

--- 帖子 #987 ---
Sir please put it in the indicator folder, it is not an expert adviser ..., you know it is like doing calculation on large data by hand,when you have computer at your disposal..!!, just it is faster.

--- 帖子 #988 ---
Of course, sorry and thanks buddy.

Does it show already completed WWs?

--- 帖子 #989 ---
yes sir , in the beginning it was just the completed CWW, but if you follow the posts and the path of progression of it then, you will see why and how it traveled the path to this stage of completion , it is version 8.5 now, and hopefully soon fully automated version 9 will be ready.

--- 帖子 #990 ---
I've noticed you basically add nothing productive to anyone's thread. Just trolling around trying to discourage traders from reaching their full potential. As such, you have been preemptively banned form posting here. If you think this or any other system is foolish hogwash, that is your right. Just move on and don't waste server space on this thread.

I've been studying "price action" for 10 years as have many traders here and on other threads, but to suggest that harmonic structures, candle patterns, etc etc don't work at all is close minded. There are many ways to skin a cat

--- 帖子 #991 ---
As I stated in the first post in discussing this indicator, of course it's important to be able to spot WWs with the naked eye. But using the indicator saves time and allows you to track many more waves. Then that extra time can be used in trying to filter out the bad waves and focus on the best waves with the best structure and confluence.

The reason I suggested meta4 is because that's the platform that the indicator is made for. Otherwise my head may explode if I have to try and decipher whats going on here:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #992 ---
Sir : if you start a thread and try to help and teach others ,whatever you know about "critical thinking" and how you analyze "raw price data", you bet i will be the first subscriber there.

--- 帖子 #993 ---
Another advantage of using this indicator is that, when people talk about CWW , it seems all are using  the same standard language to describe it and surely it will help to communicate better.

--- 帖子 #994 ---
I agree, it's nice to be on the same page

--- 帖子 #995 ---
Zig zag couldn't be set to detect this one but I drew it manually and will be watching it next week. I have been using the Gann fan a lot lately to see how productive it is as a filter. This one shows nice confluence with AB=CD, 161FIB, and the 8x1 Gann fan line.

Sorry, chart is a little "busy" with the Gann fan on there:

AUD/JPY 30MIN CWW (just about a horizontal XB)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #996 ---
The template I use in post #1 has been updated with the newest version of Parviz' WW indicator

Here if anyone is interested:  Attached File(s)   WOLFEWAVE.tpl

170 KB
|
1,245 downloads

--- 帖子 #997 ---
Hi Friend,

I think you drew the line wrong for the cad/chf trade. Don't think it is a wolfe wave. Even if it is, i think it's a weak one. I will attach more examples next post.

--- 帖子 #998 ---
Here i attached two examples of my trades that worked and failed. I think the importance is the sweet zone area. It has to look good or in symmetry. Some of the wolfe waves are valid but the sweet zones look way off. You guys get what i mean?

BTW, good ban expos. No need to waste time debating if this works or not. Keep the positive flowing.

--- 帖子 #999 ---
Here's another failed one with bad symmetry. I think this really needs to based on your experience to see the AB=CD formation. The more you look at it, at the angles, the symmetry, the more it will come out to you.

Edit: another example.

--- 帖子 #1000 ---
A good example of using confluence for entry. Here we have price reversing before the AB=CD which is perfectly normal. In addition, the symmetry isn't very good.

The question is: How do we know when to enter or to start scaling in? Well, that's a question that each trader has to answer for himself. It's our responsibility to find a filtering system that gives us the best odds off success. For me it's still a personal journey. The possibilities are only limited by our imagination (and by our willingness to learn and work at it)

For me, I love my fibos and I'm beginning to love the Gann fan. In this example, 3 layers of confluence trumps the fact that we have poor symmetry and the fact that price hasn't reached he AB=CD completion level. Neither are a requirement for an entry.

NZD/JPY 4H CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Now, strip away everything from the chart and have a look at the fibo/Gann fan confluence, nearly to the pip. We have the BC extension 141fibo exactly at the larger move 78.6fibo exactly at the bottom range of the Gann fan. Coincidence? Maybe, maybe not. For me, just the sort of confluence that would give me the confidence to pull the trigger early instead of waiting for the AB=CD or waiting for a reversal and TDI cross. The TDI cross is 30 pips above the reversal point. In my opinion, you'd gain nothing by waiting except a higher risk entry with less potential. It's also important to note that you would already know where that green circle is going to be before price reaches that point. So if your mapping and tracking the trade with your filters already in place, you won't have to second guess yourself when the time comes for action. The last thing we want to do is fire from the hip like a wild west gunslinger. We want calculated, predetermined zones of entry.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

NOTE: The WW hasn't reached the target line by any means, and may never reach the target line but the reversal so far is a nice 40 pips giving us the opportunity to bank some pips and let the rest of the positions free roll. I know it's human nature to want the "home run" but 40 pips a day would make your life pretty comfortable over time

--- 帖子 #1001 ---
Hi guys,

Kanzler sure is an agressive troll and has only a demo trend explorer of one trade old..., but this post sounds wise to me.

With all due respect to Expo33 and I am sorry to say, but Expo33 has deleted his failing trade explorer that had an enormous drawdown, so Kanzler is actually right.

Criticisms are not pleasant but should be welcomed, for obvious reasons.

--- 帖子 #1002 ---
I deleted my TE because it was an experiment that involved trades that involved strategies other than Wolfe waves. That's what demo accounts are for, testing out new strategies. Once a strategy proves to be unfruitful, then we try to make adjustments or put the strategy to rest for good. I thought it may be a discouragement to traders trying to learn the WW strategy. In hindsight, I should only have a TE that reflects solely the WW strategy.

Kanzler doesn't criticize, he just takes pleasure in demeaning people. That type of behavior isn't tolerated here. I didn't actually see any criticism, just an immature man laughing at WW strategy.

If you have something productive to add to our discussion, please do. We've already wasted to much energy on a troll.

Cheers, -Kurt

--- 帖子 #1003 ---
Your trend explorer name was Wolf wave and linked to this thread and was demo, sad you do not take responsibility for it by deleting it..., oh yes of course, how stupid was I to think it was about WW and your trading skill ?

It was maybe just a keypad mistouch or something ? Why would anyone want to share a trading activity on a given thread about a given strategy ? Obviously for the same reason that you deleted it.

I was expecting wiser words from you, I am very disappointed.

--- 帖子 #1004 ---
Exactly, I name it Wolfe wave and then traded with strategies other than Wolfe wave. So it really didn't make sense to keep a TE that didn't reflect the WW strategy.

If I remember correctly, when I was on vacation you were constantly arguing with another poster. I can see that you're not here to add anything of value to our discussion.  As such, it's time for you to be put in your playpen with Kanzler.

--- 帖子 #1005 ---
Apologies to the posters here for the negative banter that has popped up today.

--- 帖子 #1006 ---
I have a feeling that one should try to identify WW setups at a higher tf (say daily), and then its smaller "fractal" duplicate at the lower tf (say hourly) for entry in the sweet zone. (There was a guy on the forum called skunny with similar setups.) This would allow for a massive RR.

Cheers,

k

--- 帖子 #1007 ---
I agree.

--- 帖子 #1008 ---
Hello,

I follow this thread, and it has already brought me some good trades.

I use the wolf wave waves more on the Daily time frame.

Would it be worth a thought to check if a currency pair in the daily a wave with short announces this possible announcement to the other couples also check.

For example :

GBP-YEN

D Point --- Announcement Short

Check whether similar waves are in the pair GBP-USD, GBP-AUD, GBP-CAD or GBP-NZD, so that GBP is the main currency

Or

The driving currency is YEN (USD-YEN, AUD-YEN, GBP-YEN), so there would be a possibility if a trend break could take place.

Greetings Steffen

PS. Sorry for my bad english I am trying to translate with google translate.

--- 帖子 #1009 ---
Less talk, more charts. Just ban anyone that is not contributing anything useful, including me or parviz. Always remember, don't feed the trolls. They will pull you down to their levels.

As the thread starter, it is your responsibility to maintain the quality of the thread and don't let it succumb to trolls and haters. No need to waste time with them. They don't like your thread, ban them and move on. Of course, if you can talk some sense into them, it would be great. E.G, private messages.

here, i attach one failed WW because there is no confluence at all. I simply enter because it's a WW and symmetry looks very nice. Note to all, need to find at least another confluence before entering a WW. Be it a round number, fibo, gann, pivot, s/r, MAs, all other shits you could find.

--- 帖子 #1010 ---
Hey krossaren,

I was looking at all your previous trades, some look nice, some i just don't get it if they are WW. Doesn't matter though. As long as you make money.

I wanted to know how you manage your positions? Do you have a fixed tp/sl per pair? How much risk you putting on each trade? E.g, 5% for 10 pips stoploss or you just enter based on price action?

For expo, i think he's managing based on multiple positions. He entered one early, then scale in second position at worse price to average in. Then maybe third position at worser price to average in. If price took off with his all three positions and went to tp, he will hit a big home run. The problem with this is it's very complicated to me, I don't know how he calculate the risk percentage each trade and you might miss the big move if the price only took your first position and went to your take profit area. For me, i mostly enter based on risk percentage, for example, if i calculate the eurusd pair might be 12 pips sl, i divide by 5% for 12 pips. I mostly aim for 1 to 1 risk ratio only.

Comment on guys.

--- 帖子 #1011 ---
I am sorry if some seem unclear. As you can see they are marked as "private" charts which mean they can only be seen if I give the link (which I have here). As they were originally intended for my eyes only I haven't made them extremely clear, jusrt quickly drawn them so I can understand them when looking back on them later. Is there any specific one you want me to clarify?

I have read that Expo scales in/out of his positions and honestly I think that it is up to everyone to decide what they feel is best. Personally I never do. I put a limit order at the end of the AB=CD, put the stop a couple of pips below/above (depending on timeframe) and set my target at about 1-2.5RR (depending on S/R zones coming up). I don't go for more as I rather take many small wins than occasionally big ones. This limits the drawdown.

I do just like you do with the percentage of risk. I never risk more than 2-2.5% and divide that with the amount of pips to get the position size.

I hope this helped you, and nice setups you sent. I have found that past horizontal support/resistance zones at the sweet zone works like a charm when trading these patterns. A nice fibonacci retracement (38.2, 50 or 61.8%) as well and it's a solid trade.

Take care!

--- 帖子 #1012 ---
Another tip: on the chart you linked here I would need very strong structural resistance in order to short at the sweet zone due to the very strong bullish trend.

--- 帖子 #1013 ---
Hi Ritter and thanks for posting.

If I understand you correctly, maybe you are talking about correlation. If I'm trading GBP/JPY then I would certainly check the GBP/USD and USD/JPY pairs to see if there were any developing waves as well.

--- 帖子 #1014 ---
Yes, I mean, if there are also waves in the other couples, which confirm the movement of the couple to act, one could be quite sure that there will be a sure wave.

If the pair GBP-YEN is taken and a wave is suggested,

There must be similar waves in almost all couples who are dealing with GBP or all couples have to do with the YEN depending on which currency is the driving force.

--- 帖子 #1015 ---
Seems like you are onto something here. I just discovered that myself also this week.

Will see how next week goes! After all, the cycle of a trader is:-

1) discover hope

2) testing the possible outcome

3) failed

4) repeat

--- 帖子 #1016 ---
Hi All,

Great thread!

Still feeling my way with mt4 and the CWW indicator.

[Just gets better and better Parviz. Thanks for the template Kurt.]

GBPUSD DLY Chart:

Looks picture perfect?

Huge downside potential?

The Cyan and Orange Arrows on the chart,

and indicator at the bottom were given to me by a fellow Aussie.

[Confluence with the CWW]

Cheers, U2

--- 帖子 #1017 ---
GBPUSD 6H Chart:

Here's a wave count which suggests one more Higher High.

Cheers, U2

--- 帖子 #1018 ---
we may have a move like this on EURGBP h4

more ideas :
https://telegram.me/elliottwaveanalysis

telegram app channel : @elliottwaveanalysis

--- 帖子 #1019 ---
Hi mohsen:

May i ask you if you are using the CEW, or as uturn2, HEW for enumerating the waves ...??

--- 帖子 #1020 ---
Hi U2, I agree with your assessment, 130.50 seems to be an important area.

I have been watching this wave for a week on the daily and believe there is a huge downside potential. Question is, when?

I took the WW indicator off the chart and had a look at some Gann fans and fibos. Pretty simplistic but seems like there should be major resistance heading into 130 if price even makes it that far. Here's what I'm looking at:

GBP/USD WEEKLY - price reaching the 8x1 Gann line on last impulse move, with FIB confluence
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

GBP/USD 4H - divergence
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1021 ---
Speaking of 130 I didn't even notice this little WW on the 30MIN. Potential completion right at 130.

GBP/USD 30MIN CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1022 ---
GBPUSD 2H Chart:

Hi Kurt,

I can count 5 waves up in Wave a v Green.

Wave b v Green difficult to define.
Wave c v Green has definite targets
between 1.30265 and 1.30691.

If the count is correct,

the Wave c v Green should rally in 5 waves impulsive.

[I would like to see 1.30902 to 1.31691 = 61.8% and 76.4% projections]

Monday a holiday.

Cheers, U2

--- 帖子 #1023 ---
Thanks for posting U2.

Honestly, I have very little understanding of EWs but will keep these levels in mind. I know I will only be short GU if the opportunity arises.

Off for the first hike of the year, then check out some charts tonight

Cheers all. Great week of trading ahead!

--- 帖子 #1024 ---
GBPUSD 2H and Renko Charts:

Inside the CWW:

2H looks on track.

Renko reveals a zigzag correction Wave b v Green.

Wave c v Green underway, reversed Bullish.

Looking for a 5 Wave rally to the target zone top.

[CWW D5]

Cheers, U2

--- 帖子 #1025 ---
Placed a small Sell Limit Order at 1.3165 with a 30 pip SL.

[4 pips below and SL 26 pips above the 76.4% projection at 1.3169]

Will monitor the progress and adjust to suit if required.
Edit:
Note: It could fizzle out at 1.3026, the 50% projection.

Cheers, U2

--- 帖子 #1026 ---
1 good trade a day...

--- 帖子 #1027 ---
Pending shorts

USD/JPY 30MIN CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1028 ---
GBPUSD D1

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1029 ---
A little scalp on the 30MIN. Just looking for that 20 pip bounce for some quick pips and/or a chance to move SL to BE for a little more ambitious free roll. Nice ABCD symmetry and a beautiful bounce off the 161FIB

GBP/USD 30MIN CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1030 ---
possible eurusd 30m

Was looking at this also but it never reached my D point so i skipped. Good trade expo.

--- 帖子 #1031 ---
Thanks.

Precisely why I like to scale in. ABCD is nice but not necessary for me to enter. Anyways took 25 pips now short from 129.08 in line with the bigger time frame, the bearish WW on the daily

--- 帖子 #1032 ---
Never figured out how to scale in. But if it worked for you, dont change it.

I would be careful with the daily WW on gbpusd. I can't see any confluence on that and the bulls are going strong still.

The april 18 candlestick is kinda ruining the setup for me. The symmetry is totally screwed over by that candle. I am skipping this daily WW.

--- 帖子 #1033 ---
Post #1023 shows the confluence for me. Gann/Fibos. Just booked 30 pips from my short. On the sidelines for now.

Scaling in doesn't have to be complicated. When I have time at my pc I will make a diagram showing a generic way of doing it.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1034 ---
This is super weird because i have my fibs different than yours for the weekly chart.

Have i been using the fib tool wrongly for so many years? Did you draw it wrong or me? Do you mind checking and comparing to your chart?

--- 帖子 #1035 ---
I'm away from my computer for another 5 hours I'll check then

By the way my USD/JPY short just got filled all 3 positions. Post #1030 shows the scale in limit orders. Just picking a zone that incorporates the ABCD level and using the fib extensions as a guideline.

--- 帖子 #1036 ---
All 3 positions filled. Let's see how we do.

--- 帖子 #1037 ---
I'm in this also. TP at 111.926

--- 帖子 #1038 ---
GBPUSD 2H Chart:

Still looks on track for higher.

Maybe it can complete a CWW on a higher depth setting?

Cheers, U2

--- 帖子 #1039 ---
On October 7th my broker shows a much bigger spike down, that's why the big difference.

--- 帖子 #1040 ---
I pulled up the 2 hour chart and set the "extdepth" at 3 and there was a nice bullish CWW set up that bounced right off the 141FIB and hit the target line easily.

GBP/USD 2HOUR CWW - COMPLETED
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1041 ---
GBPUSD 4H Chart:

Targeting the 1.3000+ levels.

It also indicates the HEW Wave iv and Wave v Impulse ending waves!

Amazing!

Cheers, U2

Edit:

A question: It looks like the Potential CWW forms once C(4) is valid?

--- 帖子 #1042 ---
ok. thanks for the answer. I have opened up another broker for the gbp pair. Both also don't have the fibo like yours. Maybe we should compare two different brokers next time.

--- 帖子 #1043 ---
Maybe Parviz can correct me if I'm wrong.

I think that once the zig zag establishes point "C(4)", then the indicator will show the potential CWW pattern.

--- 帖子 #1044 ---
May wave(iv) reach into span of wave(ii) as long as it does not violate wave(b) of wave (iii)?

--- 帖子 #1045 ---
Exactly ...

--- 帖子 #1046 ---
From Fractal Forecasting: P8

'The Wave (iv) will not break the Wave (b) of Wave (iii)

and normally not get close.'

--- 帖子 #1047 ---
GBPUSD DLY Chart:

Looking at 900+ pips to the target area.

Huge R/R ~1:20

Cheers, U2

--- 帖子 #1048 ---
GBPUSD MLY Chart:

Might be able to trade it down to the (D)5,

via smaller time frame CWWs

Cheers, U2

--- 帖子 #1049 ---
Hi Expo 33,

Tank you so much for this thread and your effort , specially for taking the time to mentoring us, really appriciate it.

I have also a question , wich zone /area you call sweet zone would you be more specific about that? Thanks in advance.

God bless you, Greeting from Europ The Netherland. Cheers Rees.

--- 帖子 #1050 ---
Hello Rees. You're welcome brother. God bless you and thanks for posting.

The "sweet" zone as depicted in this diagram is the area

where price breaks through the XB trend line down to the

parallel extension line of AC starting at point B. Sounds

complicated but if you look at the diagram, it's really not.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

If you use the indicator that "parviz" so graciously made for us, it basically will map out the sweet zone for you. I wish I had more time at home to explain, but I'll be away form my computer until morning again. Hopefully this helps.

Note: The reversal point D can be anywhere from the original trend line XB down to the yellow extension line. (and sometimes when there is strong momentum, even farther)

Here is a CWW that I entered at the end of last week. I ended up booking 100 pips. It's a good example of price reversing in the sweet zone exactly at the 200FIB extension of BC. Sweet zone highlighted as the blue triangle.

I drew this manually so you can hopefully see the realation to the diagram above

AUD/CHF 4H CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1051 ---
This is good stuff mate.

If I were in my 20s I could enter at D in 2022 and set my TP for 10,000 pips for the year 2039!

--- 帖子 #1052 ---
Hi Expo:

I noticed that my indicator does now find many of the CWW wave as defined in his book:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

according to this this drawing is a valid CWW , which the indicator would not draw , because X(1) is the first Low when you go back after locating A and B point, indicator would not draw this because, it looks for X according to what the ExtDepth of zigzag dictate.

I will try to find some kind of solution for that ,but it is really difficult to write an algorithm for that....?

I will look forward and appreciate any suggestion.

PS: I know that this makes a reverse (megaphone)WW but it is a valid one and it worked as i noticed in several occasion.and this one :look at zigzag, this one is CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1053 ---
I'll try to understand this based on my observation. The X point is actually a very grey area. The more clearer the X point is, the stronger is the signal. In your chart, the X point is actually very forceful. You can say that it's there, you can say it's not. It really varies depends on how you define it. For me, it's not there because if you look further to the left of the chart, it was a nice upswing move. You were simply "forcing" an X there for the setup. Yes, if you switch to a smaller timeframe, it might be there but there's really no point trying to squeeze out a trade. ABCD was definitely there but not the X.

I think some examples from bill wolfe himself are also very unclear because he would simply find those charts with weird X placement. Of course, they worked because they were cherry picking them.

In fact, the chart you posted looked like a gartley pattern.

Anyway, correct me if i am wrong. Still learning also.

--- 帖子 #1054 ---
Hi Expo33,

Thank you so much for reply and outstanding explanation. All clear now. Cheers Rees

--- 帖子 #1055 ---
GBPUSD 2H Chart:

Providing the count is correct,
it's still on track to reach the 4H and DLY CWW zones.

The higher it goes the easier it gets to measure the likely top.

[Expecting a 5 Wave Impulsive rally which can be measured

via wave projections.]

Cheers, U2

--- 帖子 #1056 ---
I don't have that book but is it possible you're misunderstanding what it says?

What your chart shows is the "anti" wave which I deleted from the thread, see diagram below. But I don't think that's what's being described in the quote you posted from the book. I think he is describing exactly what we have been studying, the CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Taking a quote from what you posted from the book: " The D(5) point is the bottom after point C(4) and is likely to exceed the extended trend line of X(1) to B(3)."

The chart you posted doesn't jive with that statement. Not only does price not exceed line X(1) to B(3) but it doesn't even come close to touching that line at all.

Maybe I am missing something but in any event its best if we stick to the classic Wolfe wave structure as in the diagram on post #1. You're indicator is just perfect for our purposes here.

Thoughts?

--- 帖子 #1057 ---
The book is the same pdf which is on the first post. He suggest and insist, counting the wave in this manner: first look for A then B , then go back and look for X , the low point which point B has surpassed is the X point. Would you please read this phrase again and let me know your idea.

--- 帖子 #1058 ---
When he picks the X point is irrelevant to what I was saying.

The first chart you posted doesn't converge, which by his own definition isn't a Wolfe wave, and the price at D doesn't even come close to the XB trend line, let alone break through it as he states in his definition

Note: He doesn't actually say that he goes back and picks X after he locates A, he just says that A is the top of the wave

--- 帖子 #1059 ---
Here's a ripper!?

XAUUSD DLY Chart:

Prints on both 12 and 20 depth settings.

Cheers, U2

--- 帖子 #1060 ---
XAUUSD 4H Chart:

50 Depth Setting.

The Indicator plots the C4.
Why not trade the D5 wave!?
Edit: [The AB and CD waves are the 5 wave Impulsive Waves]

Cheers, U2

--- 帖子 #1061 ---
I like the structure so far.

By the way, what kind of indicator are those arrows? Some kind of fractals?

--- 帖子 #1062 ---
I suppose you could but I prefer to wait until the structure completes as I believe that gives me the highest probability of success.

Here is the same scenario with the Euro. Similar angle with very distinct legs to C(4), and then the structure breaks down. For me, just because C(4) has been established doesn't necessarily mean the CD leg will follow. Everything looked good too. Doji followed by a bullish candle then everything went haywire
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1063 ---
all great posts in these days!

now i know why big fish trade higher TF only....
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

old man always won this game...

--- 帖子 #1064 ---
I just looked at your chart and i think it's not a wolfe wave setup there on the daily. Your chart is the same as parviz's earlier. The X point is kinda forceful.

Any other opinion?

--- 帖子 #1065 ---
Gold CWW + WAR WAR WAR　comming!

95%+ winning rate...

--- 帖子 #1066 ---
This is a Cww without doubt.

Remember the most important parts for identify CWW:

1 X MUST touch C (for me a little difference is allowed)
2 AB=CD closer is better (diff<10%)

sometimes XC will give you a ridiculous TP， you have to adjust by hand...just my 2 cents

--- 帖子 #1067 ---
Here's how i see it. It's better if you define the clear swings/waves. It is defined by higher low, lower high.

You are just forcing the X to appear in the middle of the swing. Yes i know you can see better if you drop down to H4 timeframe but in my opinion, that is very forceful.

Hope you get what i mean. This is why i said the rules are not clear because bill wolfve himself used an example like this in his book if i am not mistaken.

Also, i don't understand what you mean by X must touch C. C can always be touched by X depending on how you draw it. Look at the two lines i drawn in the chart.

--- 帖子 #1068 ---
Hi Parviz,

Indicator:

--- 帖子 #1069 ---
on this chart C > X in all cases, your C point is correct but it is too high for a XC line.

--- 帖子 #1070 ---
i'm in....

AUD is too weak, so...TP deduced.

--- 帖子 #1071 ---
U/J

X C not touched but quite close ...let's see what will happen...

--- 帖子 #1072 ---
With all due respect, could you please stop posting waves that don't satisfy the requirements of the Classic Wolfe wave. You're saying its "quite close" but it's about 34 pips from even being a horizontal. Where does it end? On a daily "quite close" could mean 100 pips plus? It will only add confusion for new WW traders.

If it works for you, that's fantastic, green pips. But for this thread I ask that you only post WWs that fit the diagram in post #1.

Thanks. I hope that doesn't come off as abrasive or rude. I want this thread to be consistent and easy to understand for new traders as well as the old pros.

-Kurt

--- 帖子 #1073 ---
Many thanks buddy.

--- 帖子 #1074 ---
A lot of momentum down on the D leg and not very nice symmetry but the 6850 level is a triple bottom on the 4H and a double bottom on the Daily. I'm in and hoping we can get a push back towards 69.

NZD/USD 30MIN CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1075 ---
Agree Kurt.

It's not a CWW till D5,

and really until it hits the target.

End of story.........

--- 帖子 #1076 ---
There are 2 that I was given.

S.S.Early Alert Arrows [shown]

Trendsignal version 2 .... [not shown]

Cheers mate!

--- 帖子 #1077 ---
XAUUSD 1H Chart:

Cheers, U2

--- 帖子 #1078 ---
Thank you

--- 帖子 #1079 ---
AUD/JPY 30MIN CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1080 ---
ok only Standard CWW

AUD was too weak that's what i said, better not to take that trade...it's against my rule.

Stopped out.........

--- 帖子 #1081 ---
what a smart indi it is!!! just saved a lot of time:-)

now i share my secret ZZ para....which is the best for most of the time...get this from a very successful fund manager.

--- 帖子 #1082 ---
Here is a very good indi for filter use...

if you go long don't pick up the weakest currency. short vise versa...

you see i made a mistake yesterday when the STR for USD was >6 and AUD was <0.5

--- 帖子 #1083 ---
Thanks mate!

--- 帖子 #1084 ---
this is a rare case for AWW

1 X C too far away

2 STR meter shows EUR crushed AUD with super high score

so...we should buy at retracement lvl.

--- 帖子 #1085 ---
You're killing me here J.

Anti WWs were deleted from the thread. Again, new traders here will be totally confused. CWW's only. I like your enthusiasm though, but could you paaaaalease just stick to CLASSIC WOLVE WAVES!!! (capital letters is serious business)

--- 帖子 #1086 ---
Up 20+ pips now free rolling for 50 pips. SL to BE

--- 帖子 #1087 ---
Another nice free roll. Up 30 pips, take half off let the rest ride for now.

--- 帖子 #1088 ---
Hi Expo 33 and all fellow traders, my first attempt. Any comment is welcome. cheers Rees.

--- 帖子 #1089 ---
I realise that in my previeus post AC & XB did not Converge! but , how about this one?

--- 帖子 #1090 ---
It's a valid wolfe wave. I am short and fingers crossed for the french election. Stoploss at 1.117

--- 帖子 #1091 ---
EURUSD DLY Chart:

Wave D(5):

From a 5 Wave Impulsive perspective,

I can't see that it has peaked.

[the gap doesn't help]

It may still have some upside to go.

Yesterday was extremely Bullish,

and today looks like consolidation.

Cheers, U2

--- 帖子 #1092 ---
GBPUSD DLY Chart:

Still awaiting the final high for D(5).

[5 Waves Impulsive]

Cheers, U2

--- 帖子 #1093 ---
GBPUSD DLY Chart:

Is there a limit that CD can stretch beyond 100% AB?

Cheers, U2

--- 帖子 #1094 ---
Harmonic Elliott Wave,

5 Wave Impulsive Wave structures [Long and Short].

It looks most likely that CWW Waves AB and CD,

will be 5 Waves Impulsive.

This can give us a projection where they may end,

particularly Wave CD.

Cheers, U2

--- 帖子 #1095 ---
Also, there may be CWWs within the 5 Wave Impulsive Waves.

Cheers, U2

--- 帖子 #1096 ---
A couple of winners heading into the weekend is always a nice.

NZD/USD 30MIN CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

AUD/JPY 30 MIN CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1097 ---
Hi MrRijk and welcome to the thread

Looks like you have it right, both are convergent with the proper structure.

Thanks for posting mate. Green pips and great weekend

Cheers,

-Kurt

--- 帖子 #1098 ---
I've been on the sidelines for this one. I tend to stay away from WWs that are barely convergent. I feel more confident and comfortable when there is a bigger sweet zone.

--- 帖子 #1099 ---
Thanks for the diagrams U2.

Perfectly illustrates WWs as the end point and reversal point of the impulse wave or as the continuation of the impulse wave?

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1100 ---
Both cases are trading corrections.

1. The correction after the Impulse Wave

2. The correction within the Impulse Wave

Cheers Kurt

--- 帖子 #1101 ---
That's a great question and I think it depends on any local confluence. I tend to stay on the side lines when I can't see any real immediate confluence. Especially when the CD leg is beyond the completion level. Also, I think the time frame has a lot to do with it. On this WW it would be reasonable to have a 200 pip SL if we were targeting a 600+ pip TP. (better have super small positions though!) Remember the original theory that Mr. Wolfe stated was based on the "physics" of the wave. For each action there is an equal and opposite reaction. Imagine an elastic band being stretched to the point where the momentum finally stops and then releasing all that stored up energy back in the opposite direction. In relating that to a daily price chart, well, it may take a few weeks for price to run out of momentum and re-balance itself. Unfortunately that may be 200+ pips, hence the super small positions and the scale in option.

We've talked about this WW before.

Sorry my chart is a little busy. In analyzing this wave I see that original big booming bullish candle a couple of weeks ago pushing price right into the AB=CD zone, which also happened to be the 200FIB extension of BC and the 61.8FIB from the overall bigger move. Immediately 100 pip re trace. Then looks like a couple of weeks of accumulation.

No we are testing the BC extension 241FIB. In looking at the Gann Fan and the fact that we are now through the 61.8FIB, it looks like 131 may be in play. Any thoughts of me getting short now are off the table.

I would now only consider scaling in short from 130.50-131.50

Cheers, -Kurt
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1102 ---
Thanks for all of the good posts this week everyone. I think we are progressing nicely and have covered some really productive topics.

I'm off to chaperon my daughters kindergarten crew for their final field trip. There is nothing like hanging out with a bunch of sugared up 5 year olds to get your mind right. It makes patience in trading seems so easy in comparison.

Have a great weekend everyone. It should be an exciting week ahead with the French election coming up.

Cheers, -Kurt

--- 帖子 #1103 ---
Thanks Kurt, agree!

--- 帖子 #1104 ---
usdjpym5: is it completed or failed. a bit perplexed

--- 帖子 #1105 ---
@Parviz

I'm wondering why the indicator doesn't show this completed CWW?

SILVER DAILY CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1106 ---
Thanks for coaching this week and have a nice weekend . cheers Rees

--- 帖子 #1107 ---
Hi :

The indicator always look for and takes the last newly developed five zigzag points as the basis for analysis , in your picture at least 4 new zigzag point has been developed after the D(5) point already, i am sure that it has found it before when the 5th point was newly developed.

--- 帖子 #1108 ---
OH yes that is far from the standard definition of classic WW, are you using the last version 8.5 ?, if it is so then i have posted it by mistake ,indeed that was the version that i was keeping for myself just to check how far the CD may extend as an experimental version. If it is version 8.5 then i will replace it, so that it doesn't cause any confusion....

--- 帖子 #1109 ---
Hello Kurt,

Thank you for a really nice thread. You and Parviz are doing a great job trying to help us all make some Money.

I have a question regarding Gann fan. How do you determine where to put your start, and where/how do you spread it´s "wings"?

Best regards

Greger

--- 帖子 #1110 ---
Hi Guran01.

The first thing you need to know is that the Gann fan I'm using is actually the Fib Fan tool with modified inputs. I'm fairly inexperienced at using Gann fans but from doing some research it's necessary to have you're chart "squared" so the levels stay true.

Basically, you need to put a fib fan on your chart and then add these levels and description (the levels are the angles that have been converted into radians)

Then, use the "trend line by angle" tool to put a 45 degree line on your chart from the starting point you want to use. Then use that new modified fib fan and make sure the 1x1 line is on the 45 degree line.

Where you draw them is subjective. Bigger time frames I believe carry more significance.

I made this chart so it would be easy for anyone interested.Here are the levels you need to add to your fib fan tool with matching descriptions:
Attached Image

I know this chart is a bit cluttered but here is an example of one I'm looking at for this week. I have one fan from the bigger wave down and one from the most recent wave down

EUR/GBP 4H CWW SET UP
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1111 ---
Thanks Kurt

I have put the numbers in, and will test it in different charts. Once again thanks for all the help.

Regards /Greger

--- 帖子 #1112 ---
You're welcome mate.

Taking the WW indicator off the chart and just looking at the Gann fans with previous S/R, well that would be a short trade in itself. When time and price and intersect that precisely, one has to wonder, is it a coincidence? Many traders will say that all those silly lines mean nothing but I beg to differ.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1113 ---
Thanks Parviz.

As an example here: It still shows an old wave. Is it because it broke down at point C. Just curious why it still shows up
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1114 ---
Hi Kurt:

Just one zigzag has been formed after the D(5), apparently the zigzag algorithm still does not believe a well formed swing point is formed....?!!

You know some of these problem are not mine, my indicator just gets the last 5 point which is in zigzag buffer and do the calculation on that basis, in your chart the last point in zigzag buffer was the D(5) point, may be a few minute later, as soon as it appears in the buffer it will be changed,and it will not be shown any more...!? (the new zigzag point as the 5th one ,does not fit CWW definition any more)

--- 帖子 #1115 ---
I definitely don't look at it as a "problem". I was just curious. The indicator functions beautifully and is immensely helpful!

--- 帖子 #1116 ---
Finally after about a month of coding and recoding this is the new ParvizCWW indicator, as it is seen in the name, it is just a trial version, only for those who are interested to help me in improving it.

Please don't trust it , I know that it has still many bugs, and deficiencies, just try it and compare its finding with the standard, bug free version 8.5, and let me know the results.

Writing the code is one story and finding the bugs is another more time consuming process, i alone can not find and fix all, it needs your cooperation.
Attached File(s)   parvizCWW Trial ver.ex4

72 KB
|
290 downloads

--- 帖子 #1117 ---
I forgot to mention how it is working:

1) It automatically looks and find every possible CWW (Potential and Completed), for all 6 ExtDepth that you entered in the input.

2)It draws all findings on the same chart and assign a clickable button for each of them.

3) you can view and have the characteristic of any of them by clicking its button.

4)Since the indicator halts after each new run, whenever you like you can force it to research again by clicking the corresponding "SEARCH AGAIN" button.

5)Below is an example chart of GBPUSD 15 minute chart.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

6) And this one is after clicking the 20-complete button.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

7) And at the end, please ,please don't forget, i am not a professional programmer, if there are problems and shortages, it is that i am just learning to code.

--- 帖子 #1118 ---
Wow, this is really amazing!

One question to start. Why does the green triangle show up? Does it have to do with where the zig zag prints the D location?
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1119 ---
hi:

No just in completed CWW , it will draw the Sweet Zone Triangle , in potential ones it does not.

Indeed yes , when the D touches or pass the line1_3

--- 帖子 #1120 ---
Thanks. I understand.

Question #2: What does it take for the indicator to recognize that a potential wave has violated the WW parameters.

Version5 shows this potential 4H wave extdepth = 6
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The trial version shows an older wave on the 4H that has clearly broken down and violated the WW parameters. It doesn't show the new potential wave. I'm assuming it's because the zig zag hasn't printed any new points. So as in my question above, when will the indicator abandoned the invalid wave and move on to new zig zag points and new potential waves
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1121 ---
Ha Ha : This is one of the bugs that i have noticed ,trial version finds wave that are already old....!!

I am looking to find the problem, still unsuccessful.

the other thing i want you to know is that, i did not implement any condition to invalidate a potential CWW after it has gone the other way around.

You know what : i have rewritten about half of the codes since version 8.5 ,and this means >600 line of code, i am missing something, somewhere that i was not able to find in logic of the algorithm.

The problem is that it only does that in some instances and not alwayes and this makes it more difficult to find the bug.

--- 帖子 #1122 ---
I see.

So basically in the example I posted, the invalid wave will preclude the zig zag from printing any new points?

--- 帖子 #1123 ---
There are a lot of potential set ups this week

I've been tracking this one for a couple of weeks.

Potential reversal zone confluence

Gann fan 8x1 line

BC 141FIB extension

78.6 "line in the sand" FIB from larger move

I'll be scaling in from 98 down to 97.50 if we get there

DXY DAILY CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1124 ---
I watch shorter time frames just intra-day setups. heres 2 im looking at.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1125 ---
Hi Kurt:

Finally I have found the bug causing inconsistency between the version 8.5 and trial version , it was in closure of one "For loop" ,which was different .

Here i explain now, how the points X to D is selected and analysed, i believe that this will answer all of your questions, which i was not able to clarify before correctly:

1)After zigzag finish, program select the last 5 point in the array, and check them for any valid CWW(both potential and completed), if found then, it move to the next ExtDepth.

2) If it does not find any then, it would shift all X to D point one zigzag value to the left and look for a valid CWW , and it will continue to do that, for 5 times (which at the end of this loop, the first D point has replaced the first X), meanwhile if at any point it find any CWW,it draw it and skip to the next depth.

3) If even after these 5 shift again it does not find any CWW again it will go to the next depth.

4) making the long discussion short, it does not look for the last 5 zigzag values ,but instead in the last 10 value, and for five times, i would say.

I hope that this explanation was simple enough for every one to understand.

Soon i will post a bug free version of the last indicator.

--- 帖子 #1126 ---
Hi Tbuild, thanks for posting.

Interesting. I didn't even notice the WW on the DXY 1H. According to Mr. Wolfe, the bigger time frames take precedence over the smaller time frames. It will be interesting to see what happens if/when we get down to the 98 area.

I also have the USD/CHF setup on my radar.

I like the way you've posted your setups. Clear and well mapped out. It makes the discussion so much easier.

Greens pips going forward

-Kurt

--- 帖子 #1127 ---
Thanks for the information mate.

Hopefully, as the week progresses we will get some more feedback.

--- 帖子 #1128 ---
Hi everybody:

Finally  major bugs of trial version is fixed now, i can not say that it is completely bug free, but it is quit reliable.

Please use it and let me have the feedback.
Attached File(s)   parvizCWW v9.5.ex4

74 KB
|
304 downloads

--- 帖子 #1129 ---
I found the first one myself, please check other pairs and different time frame and if there is more let me know so that i can find and fix it. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1130 ---
Hi Parviz;

Thanks a lot for your time effort and Generosity.

Merci Rees.

--- 帖子 #1131 ---
Thanks mate.

Post #1 has been updated with the latest version with a reference to post #1120 for the instructions for how it works.

--- 帖子 #1132 ---
@Parviz

Is there a way to have the potential wave disappear after it has been invalidated.

For example below. A higher low has been made thus breaking the parameters for a WW.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1133 ---
Thank you

Did you use it, How was it, wasn't it the fastest in finding CWW ...?

--- 帖子 #1134 ---
For next project i am going to think about it, I was doing none stop work for a week now.

--- 帖子 #1135 ---
I will have more time tonight to really get a better sense of how it works. But so far I think it's a brilliant indicator.

--- 帖子 #1136 ---
I realize how much work you must be putting into this. We are all very grateful!

--- 帖子 #1137 ---
Dear kurt:

Since you had tonight to examine the work of indicator, i have thought about this logic:

If at any point, any candle, from the candle of C(4) to the current candle, closes above the close of C(4),then that potential wave would not be valid(Buy CWW) , and the reverse of that for the (Sell CWW).

Do you think that would be a reasonable logic....?

If so here it is the new indicator for you...

Attached File(s)   parvizCWW v9.6.ex4

76 KB
|
300 downloads

Please examine it and let me know the result

--- 帖子 #1138 ---
PS:

8) Don't  forget to click the search again button every now and then, since the indicator stop finding any new changes, when it draws them once.

--- 帖子 #1139 ---
Yes that seems like the right logic.

I found this with the 9.6 version though. Potential wave still showing after candle closed above point C and the zig zag is off as well.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1140 ---
EDIT: So far this script has only worked on 1 out of 3 meta4 platforms which is strange considering they all have the same build version.

If anyone likes to scale in like I do, here are two nice scripts that are simple to use.

Credit and thanks to member "Aad" for sharing these for free. Original thread with PDF instructions here: https://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=151391

Scale in long
Attached File(s)   # PendingBuy + ScaleOrders v1.3 [Script].ex4

36 KB
|
354 downloads

Scale in short
Attached File(s)   # PendingSell + ScaleOrders v1.3 [Script].ex4

37 KB
|
333 downloads

I like to zero in on a particular zone for my entries so scaling in is my preferred style.

Here's a demo example. In the inputs it's really easy. Just pick the starting price and lot size per order. Then select 3,5, or 10 positions by setting the one you want to "true". Select how many pips between orders. Also select SL and TP pip size. That's it. Once you see the orders on the chart, you can drag and drop to adjust the entry price, SL, or TP if you want. Saves so much time.

AUD/JPY 4H CWW scale in demo example
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1141 ---
fyi:cww v8,5 couldnt spot this.am i i wrong.it seems cww

--- 帖子 #1142 ---
ok, forgot about my creative (useless) AWW....only CWW generate good profits...

todays new...
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

last one
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1143 ---
That CAD/CHF is a thing of beauty. Well done of you traded it.

Technically the GBP/AUD isn't a Wolfe wave as it's diverging. Ironically I am short based on massive Fibonacci confluence across multiple time frames. Of course the AB=CD on the 4H just adds another layer of confluence.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1144 ---
your D(5) point , has passed the 2 sweet zone ,it is above the 2nd one, when it is so ,the indicator does not accept it as a valid one

--- 帖子 #1145 ---
unfortunately i have seen it today morning, when indicator does not show it any more , if you find other similar one please let me know.

--- 帖子 #1146 ---
i prefer old one

--- 帖子 #1147 ---
Look at this what a nice symmetry, the problem is that price has passed both sweet zones, it its not a valid CWW according to the definition. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1148 ---
I'm not sure that's quite true according to Mr. Wolfe. I never read anything about exactly how far price has to go beyond the sweet zone to become invalid. Consider a daily time frame with a 100 pip stop loss or more. We're still going to be in the trade likely when price is beyond the sweet zone.

But I realize the indicator has to abandon the WW at some point so it makes sense to set it up that way. It's up to the trader to have located the wave in advance using the indicator and then make their decision accordingly as far as where to enter and where to put the SLs.

--- 帖子 #1149 ---
That was then a 50-complete, now it is a 20-complete and a perfect valid one with bad symmetry...!!.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1150 ---
A nice clean wave so far with nice symmetry. Ill be waiting to pounce on this one if price makes it into the scale in zone. Notice the previous S/R

NZD/JPY 4H CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1151 ---
Hi kurt:

The problem of a shifting of zigzag line was because the indicator was stopping when it search all the depth once.

In this version , program is always running and it does not stop to find new CWW (and so will repaint ), unless you press any of the button to view a specific one , once you click any of these buttons the indicator halts,and let you do your analysis on the drawing, when you are finished with it, then just pressing the "Search Again" will restart the indicator.(in this picture of you, the problem has appeared because the program was in Halt and did not redraw)
Attached File(s)   parvizCWW v9.6.1.ex4

75 KB
|
316 downloads

--- 帖子 #1152 ---
Thanks P.

I was thinking maybe something like that

--- 帖子 #1153 ---
Hi kurt and everybody:

Since this last version, is always running and do a lot of calculation on each run, it would use a lot of your CPU time, especially if multiple instances of it are on different pairs , so i suggest as soon as it finds the patterns , press one of the buttons so that program stop searching , and if you need it again, rerun it by clicking "search again" button, this way your computer will not be slow.

--- 帖子 #1154 ---
I have to admit it's a little disappointing that traders rarely post any set ups here.

--- 帖子 #1155 ---
Yes a real good one...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Another one...
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1156 ---
You say that, what should i say, the indicator has been downloaded more than 900 times, and the only feedback i received was from you and few others...??!!!

It seems that nobody is even interested in his own benefit he may get through that...

--- 帖子 #1157 ---
Ironically, my best and worst trade with WW TECH. was the same one...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

when I look at this, I feel great...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

and look at this, congrats! I ate the fish head and lost the fish body....

--- 帖子 #1158 ---
feel lonely is a good thing, cause you are on the way to the winning pool.

I think you me and expo33 should hang out....

cause you have a great indi, i have a great EA and expo33 have a great idea.

I do believe being a team, we can accomplish anything.

--- 帖子 #1159 ---
stopped out on UJ cause i break the rule

Mistake: X C is too far away

I think we should post more losing trades here, so we can find a solution for that.

--- 帖子 #1160 ---
Not totally symetrical  but keeping a watch on it

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1161 ---
Thanks! one less mistake from now on...

--- 帖子 #1162 ---
Looks good. I'm loving that template!

--- 帖子 #1163 ---
I agree. Analyzing and learning from losing trades is a trait most successful traders have.

--- 帖子 #1164 ---
Dear Parviz;

I greatly appreciate your commitment to this thread your indicator is great and helps me and people like me how does not much experience with winning trades!! i also thank Expo for his input and mentoring us ( again I greatly appreciate his and your commitment ). i love to participate and contribute to this thread but the only reason is that i am not that experienced as you guys are and second reason is my English language.( not my native language)

please keep doing the good job i am sure there is a lot of people in forex factory that appreciate your effort and generosity.

God bless you all. cheers Rees

--- 帖子 #1165 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1166 ---
scanned 12pairs only found one set up....lol

--- 帖子 #1167 ---
finally this one makes me LOL....

people have difference way of understanding...i get that point now.

--- 帖子 #1168 ---
NZDJPY Gone wrong!!!
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1169 ---
Can't see much setup these few days using 30 min. Had one eurusd short from daily still going on. Nothing else.

--- 帖子 #1170 ---
Audusd 1h.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1171 ---
Identifying wolfe waves manually is not an easy task, many are invalidated, making this also a time consuming task, the indicator surely is a big help but IMHO it should only be used once one is comfortable in identifying them on a naked chart in few seconds because there will be formations that the indicator won't detect or other formations that are not very good and require some discretionary selection.

So I guess, newbies prefer the shiny indicator based approach

But I think the biggest factor for little posts is that very few are having success.

So how is it working for you guys? Just a honest question.

Personally I'm not trading WW directly, still working on a little variation I call contrarian wave.

Looking to eventually post a bit more here and maybe we can help each other to find consistent success.

By the way, what happened to the anti wolfe wave? Had some merits, was it removed to not cause confusion or because it's not working as good as the classic WW?

Anyway, one of the good threads here on FF, please keep going.

--- 帖子 #1172 ---
i do believe this is the most profitable way of trading i have ever seen in five years...

and this is not a comment which i give lightly, the fact proves everything.

if you really want to trade with high profit ratio, you come to the right place.

--- 帖子 #1173 ---
Hi Expo,

When I was posting set-ups I thought exactly the same, especially of those people who were more than happy to pass judgement on others' set ups.

I do like this thread, and I think Parviz has done an amazing job with his indicator (kudos to you Parviz!).  I actually got a demo account for Tradestation just so that I could see it in action and I think I would find it really useful if I traded Wolfe Waves per se.

I have stopped posting much because I use price action analysis rather than retracement levels to look for entries and that is beyond the scope of this thread.

Cheers

Stuart

--- 帖子 #1174 ---
Hi Stuart. Thanks for dropping by.

Greens pips to you my friend. I wasn't offended that not many charts were being posted. I just think it helps all of us by seeing what does and doesn't work. Plus, time constraints makes it hard to find all the potential waves. When someone posts a wave that I haven't detected yet its really nice. Then myself and others can pull up that chart and see if our own personal filtering system fits that wave well enough to take a trade. I think we covered a lot of topics and have all learned from each other. Maybe we all even got a bit sidetracked, but that's a good thing. I think now it's time to get back to the basics.

Cheers, -Kurt

--- 帖子 #1175 ---
Well said my friend.

Yes, I removed the anti wave from the thread as it just seemed to add confusion, especially for new traders. Probably a bad idea by me from the start.

--- 帖子 #1176 ---
Hi Rees.

Not really gone wrong just entered to soon and as a result your stop loss isn't going to work. I posted this same wave on post #1154. Please check it out. So far I only got two small positions filled out of a possible eleven. Hopefully price will move higher and fill up my orders

Imho, scaling in shouldn't have started until at least 78.60 up to about 79.00 with SL at least 79.20 ish

The AB=CD completion price isn't until 78.85. Please check out the chart below and notice the previous S/R and where the scale in zone is. Also notice the BC fib extension and larger FIB from the overall move

NZD/JPY 4H CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1177 ---
The indicator couldn't pick this one up because the D leg was too choppy, but I've been tracking this one manually for a couple of weeks. Most traders would ask why try to catch a falling knife. Well, I've always been a contrarian trader and probably always will be.

Anyways, here's the theory behind the madness.

1) AB=CD symmetry of length perfectly matches up with the 200FIB extension of BC

2) AB=CD candle symmetry is also very good

3) AB=CD completion also happens to be right at the 4x1 Gann fan level. Gann levels bring in the element of time which to me is very powerful.

4) AB=CD completion level is also about 20 pips from the completion of a Quasimodo pattern (sounds pretty fancy huh)

Anyways, the Aussie fundamentals of late have been less than desirable. Accordingly price has been under pressure for the last 6 weeks. However,I think this trade offers good risk reward value.

Sorry if the chart is a little cluttered. I wanted to show the entries, TPs, SLs, FIB and Gann fan

AUD/USD DAILY CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1178 ---
Hi All,

Just getting my head around the new Indy [and mt4 for that matter].

Thank you Parviz!

I wasn't expecting it to be so fast!

GBPUSD 4H Chart:
EDIT: Also shows on the DLY

Looks to be on track for ~1.3050.

I really like the symmetry so far.

One problem, how do I shift the text off the price candles?

Cheers, U2

--- 帖子 #1179 ---
AUDUSD DLY Chart:

I get this on the new Indy.

The D5 leg looks a bit stretched?

Cheers, U2

--- 帖子 #1180 ---
Hi :

Just set the x and y axis in the input section.

--- 帖子 #1181 ---
Done!

AUDUSD 4H Chart:

[completed]

Cheers, U2

--- 帖子 #1182 ---
2 parviz1953

--- 帖子 #1183 ---
HI :

I did not get it sir, what are you expecting me to do now.....?!

What is its relation to CWW...?

How the indicator is going to change for improvement...?

--- 帖子 #1184 ---
Hi :

Would you please show me, how do you count the HEW wave on this pair now...?

Is'nt it at the  the 3rd wave and start of 4th would reach at 1.61 of the 1st....??
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1185 ---
Yes to do nothing.

Let it is not WW, but 3 drive.

Other authors say that WW = 3 DRIVE

The truth will be in the middle.

--- 帖子 #1186 ---
So, what you mean is that the 3 drive wave is the same as CWW ,less the 1st leg .....???(which is not drawn by indicator)

Then good for me it also covers this 3 drive concepts....

--- 帖子 #1187 ---
1. Optimum wave: the lines drawn through tops 1-3 and 2-4 in the long term are crossed, time of formation of 3-5 tops makes about 2/3 times of formation of tops 1-3

--- 帖子 #1188 ---
2 The equal meeting wave:

--- 帖子 #1189 ---
3. The late meeting wave

--- 帖子 #1190 ---
4. The accelerating parallel wave:

--- 帖子 #1191 ---
5 Equal parallel wave:

--- 帖子 #1192 ---
6. The late parallel wave:

--- 帖子 #1193 ---
7. The accelerating dispersing wave:

--- 帖子 #1194 ---
8. The equal dispersing wave:

--- 帖子 #1195 ---
9. The late dispersing wave.

====

all 9 waves

======
http://smart-lab.ru/blog/87963.php

--- 帖子 #1196 ---
Bad and good WW

--- 帖子 #1197 ---
Thank you very much sir for providing these information,i appreciate and am grateful.

--- 帖子 #1198 ---
OK , what i have got from these drawings is that

1)The time from point 1 to point 3 (b period) , always in all cases are equal to the time forming the max profit point(green line)from point D.

2)If i draw a parallel line to line 1-3 , starting from point 2 , it roughly gives me a point on the profit line that i may take my first profit by closing part of the trade and keep the rest to travel more (up to the maximum level of labeled take profit) and it has a measurable characteristic(the point,where it ends, is calculable) .

3)Is that correct ..? do you believe if i add this parallel line to the indicator, it would be helpful ...?

--- 帖子 #1199 ---
Stopped out on GOLD

I think the converging might be wrong...

Should we take trade only in(or near) converging area?

--- 帖子 #1200 ---
I tend to stay way from smaller time frames but I couldn't resist this little scalp attempt. Just trying to pick up 20 pips while risking 10.

Fibo confluence, and a little hidden bullish divergence (not very powerful on such a small time frame but......)

USD/CHF 15MIN CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1201 ---
Sorry folks:

The previous three version had a bug that, obliterate all previously drawn objects when it runs.

It is fixed now.
Attached File(s)   parvizCWW v9.5.ex4

75 KB
|
307 downloads

Attached File(s)   parvizCWW v9.6.1.ex4

75 KB
|
383 downloads

Attached File(s)   parvizCWW v9.6.ex4

75 KB
|
341 downloads

--- 帖子 #1202 ---
Yes I noticed that smaller wave as well but as I said the indi doesn't pick up the larger wave in play because of the choppy price action on the D leg. None of the exdepth settings will allow the zig zag to find the wave. I believe the bigger wave takes precedence over the smaller wave. The one I posted is a exactly at AB=CD so not overstretched as in the smaller wave you posted.

So far resistance has held up. Green pips going forward

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1203 ---
I don't see any WW in there. I'm confused as to what you were trading

--- 帖子 #1204 ---
Thank you for all of the informative posts, so much to go through and digest. Will be away from the computer until morning. I'm interested and reading through everything

Cheers, -Kurt

--- 帖子 #1205 ---
NZD/JPY 4H CWW UPDATE

This is how it supposed to work in a perfect world. Price rejected exactly at AB=CD which used to be support but has now turned to resistance. Although ABCD candle symmetry isn't perfect the price action on both waves was fairly smooth. Now with 9 scaled in small positions I have some micro management opportunities. We are 50 pips or so from the ABCD completion level so we can bank some profits and adjust some SLs if desired.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1206 ---
Order cancelled, D leg synmmetry too long and drawn out.

--- 帖子 #1207 ---
Looking at USDJPY 15m for a potential bull trap
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Interesting article from Thomas Bulkowski about WW (look at table 2): http://thepatternsite.com/WolfeWaveBull.html

GBPUSD 2H, I'm looking at this carefully (PA confirmation) because the move is not clean (leg)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

GU Daily
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1208 ---
any special rules for BC? I see BC is too short.

--- 帖子 #1209 ---
AUDUSD 1H CWW Chart:

Shows Potential?

Cheers, U2

--- 帖子 #1210 ---
I've seen some examples by Bill Wolfe where the X point is something like this:

AUDCAD 15m
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Ignoring the not so good symmetry, what do you think about these?

Is it forcing a WW on a chart or maybe some sort of "secret" explained only in his course?

Attached Image
Attached Image
Attached Image     Attached Image

Quiz:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

How I see it, 2 possibilities:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1211 ---
are those pic of  PWW? I see XB-AC are not converging.

--- 帖子 #1212 ---
those are example charts by Bill Wolfe, as far as I can see it, they are all converging, am I missing something?

--- 帖子 #1213 ---
to the pip reversal (AB=CD completion)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

maybe there are some advantages in using non so obvious X points, something to investigate further...

--- 帖子 #1214 ---
No, that is not a clear X point. You are just finding working examples of the X point. Sorry to be harsh but this is forcing the trade to happen. It is quite clear the price dropped from above. Even if you drop down to 5minute charts, it's also very unclear.

But not to blame you because i've seen examples of this from bill wolve himself.

Look at the first two SP chart you posted, he was just forcing the X to happen. There was no clear high and low for those two charts.

In fact, if you look at this S&P chart posted, isn't the X/1 should be higher?

--- 帖子 #1215 ---
I completely agree with you on how it should be, I'm just wondering why he does this , Bill Wolfe must be knowing what he is doing

Most of the examples from his book or website have weird X points.

This is what he writes about the easiest way to find the starting x (1) point
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1216 ---
XAUUSD 15M Chart:

I'm looking for a Higher Low,

to signal a trend reversal [to Long].

From a wave count perspective,

it needs one more low to complete a wave ii correction.

This would take it into the green 'sweet zone'.

Cheers, U2

--- 帖子 #1217 ---
EURUSD 6H Chart [Renko]:

Could be a nice Short Trade on a pull back [wave ii].

Cheers, U2

--- 帖子 #1218 ---
I love using Renko. What's your brick size here?

--- 帖子 #1219 ---
X1 is the  higher point. but it will make 2 lines not converging.

--- 帖子 #1220 ---
I just can't see where the pattern is that your posting so I can't really comment

--- 帖子 #1221 ---
lose...
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

winner...
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I still have some questions....

Is this a valid WW?

--- 帖子 #1222 ---
No it's not. Point B needs to make a lower low from point X.

Also, The first chart you posted shouldn't be a "lose" because the wave was invalidated at point C

Post #1 diagram:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1223 ---
Not pretty but a winner nonetheless.

Price only declined about 10 pips below AB=CD then ultimately reversed back 80 pips or so exactly to the pip to the target line

EUR/GBP 1H CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1224 ---
Thanks again! All my problems were solved!

--- 帖子 #1225 ---
25 pips [0.0025]

Yes, it smooths out the bumps....

--- 帖子 #1226 ---
Thanks mate. May I ask what platform you are using?

I was messing around with some Renko charts last week but when you have many Renko charts up on meta4 it can get bogged down and really slow.

--- 帖子 #1227 ---
EUR/USD CWW - RENKO 7 PIP BRICKS
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1228 ---
I use ProRealTime charts.

Would you show me how to get Renko on MT4.

I know it's a bit tricky.

[Only when you have some free time mate]

Cheers, U2

--- 帖子 #1229 ---
Open M1

open indi (see pic.)

Use TF M2, size box renko =7, start price=1.08

open offline chart M2

use indi WW

--- 帖子 #1230 ---
Live action. A bit of a WW scalp

EUR/GBP 30MIN CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1231 ---
Uh oh could be Renkomania!!

If you play around with the brick size and extdepth, waves appear everywhere.

EUR/USD CWW - RENKO 7 PIP BRICKS
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1232 ---
Thank you p!
I'll give it a shot....

--- 帖子 #1233 ---
Dropped the indy in Expert Advisers but it doesn't open?

I've reloaded mt4.

Have fresh eurusd chart.
EDIT: Thanks, got it working.

--- 帖子 #1234 ---
USDJPY 15m
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Moved to BE as price is having some trouble
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1235 ---
Interesting idea using Renko, have to check this out

But don't forget the wicks, important piece of information, especially for the sweet zone, this Renko EA shows also the wicks:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached File(s)   renkolivecharts_pimped_v4_13.mq4

20 KB
|
545 downloads

How to set up:

1. Drop the EA file in the "mql4/Experts" folder

2. Start MT4, open a 1m chart of any pair (example EURUSD)

3. Drag and drop the renko EA from the expert list on the EURUSD 1m chart

4. A text note should appears saying something like "open offline chart M2 EURUSD"

5. File -> Open offline chart -> select the time frame as shown by the EA (EURUSD M2)

--- 帖子 #1236 ---
I also have the pimped version and sometimes set wicks to false. Problem for me is my meta4 platform always seems to freeze up when I'm using Renko and my computer is fairly new

--- 帖子 #1237 ---
Took 15 pips on average and closed out all positions. Good enough for a little scalp and out before GBP rate hike news

--- 帖子 #1238 ---
Hopefully price will drift down to the over extended confluential "kill zone" where I'll be waiting.

EUR/AUD 15MIN CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1239 ---
GBPCAD 1H

--- 帖子 #1240 ---
Hi mate.

You're "X" point is in the wrong place. Based on that point, then line XB and AC are diverging. To be a valid Wolfe wave those two lines need to be converging.

It might not seem like much of a difference, but it really is. For one, the valid wave that I posted below has the "D" point about 10 pips lower than yours. As a result, any fibo analysis or any other confluence analysis may not be valid or consistent within the parameters of Wolfe wave theory. Keep practicing and posting my friend and it will become very natural and easy

Also, this is where Parviz' indicator is so useful. Just put it on the chart, fiddle with the zig zag setting and BOOM, there is the valid wave

See below where the starting point "X" should be

Cheers
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1241 ---
Today is a classic example of a day where the market as a whole seems to be in a harmonic flow. Almost every pair I pull up and look at has a WW nearing completion or a valid wave heading towards the target line.

These are the type of days that can "make the month" if you are prepared in advance with good risk management in place

--- 帖子 #1242 ---
Hi Kurt;

Thank you so much for taking the time and your guidance , I really appreciate it a lot.

God bless you mate. Cheers Rees

--- 帖子 #1243 ---
You're welcome Rees, it's my pleasure.

This is the first night I've had some real screen time, just made way too many commitments outside the home. It's nice to be able to focus on the thread and to be able to take advantage of some really good trading opportunities

--- 帖子 #1244 ---
It should be correct now, isn't it? Thanks

--- 帖子 #1245 ---
Bingo, that's it

--- 帖子 #1246 ---
USDJPY 15m, closed
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1247 ---
Nice trade Juri

--- 帖子 #1248 ---
Time for some rest. Have this one set, maybe it will get filled on a good PPI print coming up in a few minutes.

EDIT:  US PPI AND UNEMPLOYMENT BOTH GREEN PRINTS. LOOKS LIKE WE MAY HAVE A SHOT AT GETTING THIS ONE FILLED

USD/CAD 1H CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1249 ---
Wow, we had a 30 pip surge down. Looks like some SLs were taken out, but and immediate 20 pin bar ensued. Seems there was some good demand down towards 147.

Order filled and a good example of being prepared and having our stops in the right place. Survived the initial onslaught, now we see if the market will re-balance itself

That's all for me tonight. Green pips around!

EUR/AUD 15MIN CWW ORDER FILLED
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1250 ---
Thanks Juri,

Agree, it's good to see the wicks.

--- 帖子 #1251 ---
Wow. Nothing like waking up to see you missed your TP by ONE PIP only to be right back at the starting line
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1252 ---
Got 3 out of 4 positions filled and then an 80 pip plummet which reached all three TPs. Instant gratification. If only every trade went this well.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1253 ---
Hi Rees,

I hope you ended up taking this trade as the AB=CD candle and price symmetry was near perfection. Price bounced precisely at the 127FIB which is right at AB=CD. Now price has moved 40 pips into the green. And that's all I'm we're really looking for in many of these trades; a bounce in price which gives us the opportunity to take some profits, move the rest of the position to BE and then let it run if desired.

Cheers
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1254 ---
Expo33,

Great thread with important information. Keep it up.

BTW, which is the latest and stable version of WW finder?

Best of Luck...

Regards

piptakers

--- 帖子 #1255 ---
The latest stable versions of parvizCww indicator are 3, each with different characteristics:

1)version 8.5: Is a manual one, you click the button and select which depth and either complete or potential CWW is what you want.

2)version 9.6: Is automated one, it looks for all possible combination and when it finds them draw a button for each so that you may select which one you are interested in, and it shows you its characteristics. In this version when the indicator find all the possible patterns, it stops and does look for them only once, if you want to see the latest ones press "Search Again" button .(indicator does not repaint)

3)version 9.6.1: Basically is the same as 9.6, except that, it does not stop searching after finding CWW, and always look for new ones as they are developing and thus "Repaint", if you want to halt the program, by clicking button for any pattern, program stop searching and so you can examine the selected pattern as long as you want, without losing it, if it find a new pattern. By clicking "Search Again" button,you may restart the indicator again.(this version uses a lot of the CPU time,since it is always running and doing a lot of calculations .)

I ask kurt ,if it is possible ,to put all these versions in the first post, plus this explanation to help all the users.

--- 帖子 #1256 ---
Yes, I definitely will put all 3 on the first post. I think I may have reached the limit for uploads on post#1 but I can reorganize to make it work.

I have 8.5 still but I want to make sure I have the right ones for 9.6 and 9.6.1. Are they the ones posted on post #1205? If not can you post them here so I can put them all together on post #1

Thanks mate. Great idea. This will give everyone an option that suits there needs

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1257 ---
Thanks piptakers, appreciate the kind words

--- 帖子 #1258 ---
yeah a great day for WW... all winners no loser...

--- 帖子 #1259 ---
parviz1953,

Thanks a lot dear...

Adding them to post no. 1 with explanation will be valuable for new comers...

Regards

piptakers

--- 帖子 #1260 ---
I'm in the process of doing that right now

EDIT: Post#1 now has all 3 versions with pertinent instructions

--- 帖子 #1261 ---
looks like wolfe wave "tragedy" happens every where...

it is a true reflection of human behaviors...

--- 帖子 #1262 ---
Hoping this get filled up. Finally figured out why the scaling in script wasn't working on my Oanda meta4 platform. I'm pretty excited to be able to save so much time scaling into positions.

EUR/NZD 1H CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1263 ---
I'm wondering if anyone else's computer is getting lag when having multiple charts up with the WW indicator on it because my computer is lagging really bad. Really frustrating considering it's only about 18 months old.

Anyways, I am using the indicator to scan pairs then manually drawing the wave so I can track multiple pairs without having the computer freeze up.

Anatomy of a trade before an important news event.

This morning's US CPI and retail sales prints could potentially move the market 30-50 pips. Maybe it won't but that's not the point. I'm neither bearish nor bullish on USD/JPY which in essence for me is irrelevant. My strategy is to be prepared and waiting for the price to come into my zone. I never want to be scrambling at the last minute trying to initiate a trade by just shooting form the hip like a wild west gunslinger. This is a methodical method planned in advance. All I have to do is sit back and wait. In the meantime, if the WW breaks down, I just cancel all the orders and forget about it.

Basically, I am hoping the US data disappoints and becomes the catalyst for a price spike down into my zone.

NOTE: The most important aspect of the trade is where to put the limit orders and where to put the SLs. The trade needs room to breath, especially if you're trying to fill up orders on a news spike. The TPs are preset but not really important at this point. They are subject to micromanagement if/when the trade goes in my favor.

USD/JPY 30MIN CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1264 ---
Hi Kurt;

Unfortunately I missed ! I was off. Cheers

--- 帖子 #1265 ---
There'a always other opportunities.

--- 帖子 #1266 ---
I rarely trade AUD/NZD as price tends to be too choppy but I like this set up.

Fundamentally, I think the 200 pip Aussie gain here is a bit overcooked. All because of the RBNZ keeping the rate the same in addition to some dovish rhetoric.

I'm short at 1.08 off the retest of the 200FIB extension of BC which also matches up to the pip with the 61.8FIB from the larger wave down. Throw in a Gann level and the 1.08 round number and I can't resist

Some would say a bull flag but perhaps it's a bull trap

AUD/NZD 1H CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1267 ---
It's the same with mine, I use also the indi to scan and draw the wave ,I do exactly as you to prevent computer freezing. cheers Rees

--- 帖子 #1268 ---
Yes sir, that is it ,i did not include 9.5 because as you remember when we were working on how to block the invalid potential wave in new version ,it was outdated(it does not have this ability).which was implemented in both 9.6 and 9.61

--- 帖子 #1269 ---
Perfect mate. All set for now and will update anything in the future as you deem neccessary

--- 帖子 #1270 ---
Picked up 50 pips earlier today getting short, and now looking to get short again on re-trace

GBP/JPY 5MIN CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1271 ---
20 pips green, SL moved to BE, the recurring dream I always want to have

--- 帖子 #1272 ---
Structure invalid, into the scrap heap it goes

--- 帖子 #1273 ---
All red numbers, now hoping price reaches the fill zone

--- 帖子 #1274 ---
I'm using v9.6 and it works very well.

[v9.6.1 was too much for my laptop,

especially with my other charting software running]

Thank you Parviz!

--- 帖子 #1275 ---
Hi Juri,

Would you advise how to get more previous data on my Renko charts.

Thanks, U2

--- 帖子 #1276 ---
EURUSD DLY WW:

Looking to Short it from a Lower High.

Huge R/R.

Cheers, U2

--- 帖子 #1277 ---
EURUSD 6H Renko [25 pip] Chart CWW:

The orange text maps out the correction.

The CWW has that over balanced look at D[5].

[I remember that being important from my previous WW days]

Cheers, U2

--- 帖子 #1278 ---
I'm not sure this is what your asking but you can get more history on your meta4 by going to:

TOOLS >>> OPTIONS >>> CHARTS >>>> "MAX BARS IN HISTORY/CHART" at the bottom

Beware though it may slow down the platform

--- 帖子 #1279 ---
hy expo33 can you please send me your template

--- 帖子 #1280 ---
A follow up to our "ANATOMY OF A TRADE"

Indeed, my hope for a dissapointing US data print this morning came true and as a result price dropped right into my fill zone. Three of five positions were filled.

Here's the updated look:

USD/JPY 30MIN CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Stripping away the trade levels etc to see the simple concept behind the fill level zone. We can see the initial price drop, then the attempt to bounce, then the second little price wave down to the confluence level.

This trade may still be a loser in the end but as a trader I've done my homework and my job by being prepared in advance. In the context of Wolfe wave theory, I have used my personal filtering system to preset a high probability zone of potential reversal. The local demand zone (orange circle) is quite obvious. The fact that it perfectly matches up with the 141 BC extension FIB, the .50FIB of the larger move, and a Gann fan level, well, that may be a coincidence, but I don't believe that for a second. To me a price chart is like a living organism that's inner workings are controlled by human behavior, and I believe that behavior can be modeled by the mathematics of geometry, time and space.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1281 ---
Hi Ace.

I had to remove the original template from post #1 because I reached the limit for attachments.

Here is the original template.

NOTE: The Wolfe wave indicator in this template is the 8.5 version. You can change it and use the 9.6 or 9.6.1 version if you want, they are on post #1. Also, I find that with all of the indicators, especially the newest Wolfe wave version, the meta4 can start lagging a bit. So you can modify it as you like
Attached File(s)   WOLFEWAVE.tpl

179 KB
|
714 downloads

Here is what it will look like:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1282 ---
Hope everyone is enjoying their weekend.

Thought I'd get this week started by going through my pre-trade filtering process. There is no right or wrong way to do this. The process should be personal, but it needs to be done every time you take a trade.

Ok, so you put the WW indicator on a chart and you see a potential WW. In our example, the wave is pretty steep, a little rough around the edges, nothing too special. Just one of dozens and dozens of WWs that are forming during the week. So, why would we choose to trade or not trade this wave? Well, we can't answer that question without going through our personal filtering process.

Below is the potential wave without any filters. Just the naked wave detected by the indicator.

NZD/CAD 1H POTENTIAL CWW - NAKED
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

THE FILTERING PROCESS

I always check 4 things no matter what when I detect a potential wave. Again, each trader has their own set of tools. I have many, but these 4 are checked before EVERY trade.

1) Previous S/R

2) The BC extension FIB

3) The FIB retracement levels from the larger, most recent move

4) The Gann Fan

In our example, I've taken all of the structure trend lines off the chart along with the zig zag just so that it's easier to see the filters and comments. I started naked with only the two blue triangles that outline the potential wave. Then I added the filters

Here is the final chart with analysis below:

NZD/CAD 1H POTENTIAL CWW - WITH FILTERS
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

1) Notice the previous S/R. What sticks out most to me is the fact that price seems to accelerate when it's passing through resistance levels 1 and 2. So it stands to reason IF price breaks through resistance level 1, then it may accelerate towards level 2. Notice each time price moved through this zone, there are pretty large candles. This is a good thing. We want price to reach point D. Even better if it's accelerating. Remember the physics theory that Bill Wolfe quoted: "for every action there is an equal and opposite reaction". And that's what we want. We want that elastic band to stretch to the limit (point D) before running out of momentum, then all of that stored up energy can be released in the opposite direction, the direction of our trade.

2) Point D is exactly the 261.8FIB extension of BC

3) Point D is exactly the 61.8FIB retracement level of the biggest and most recent move

4) The 2x1 Gann fan line exactly intersects at point D. Remember Gann fans bring in the element of time. The only way point D can intersect that Gann line perfectly is if the CD leg of the wave has the same number of candles as the AB leg (again time is of the essence here) Remember the indicator draws the waves assuming it will have perfect candle symmetry between AB and CD. It looks like about 14 candles for the AB leg so price would have to reach point D in about 14 hours from market open to be exactly in that D circle. (That would be pretty amazing if you ask me). Still, a few hours less or more and it would be fairly close.

NOTE: Resistance level 2 is basically in line with our 2 confluent FIB levels.

Sorry if this seems like an endless rant, but I feel it's absolutely vital to trading these waves successfully. I hope traders will take the time to look at the chart and compare it to what I'm saying. Look at the first chart. Looks like random price action. Put WW theory and a filtering system in place and you get chart 2. Now price doesn't look quite that random.

Also note, I will be scaling in a bit early as I like to do. Probably 5 positions 2-3 pips apart. With seemingly so much resistance heading into point D, I like to make sure I get at least a few small positions filled.

Having gone through all of this analysis, the market could open up tomorrow and price could just drift lower and completely invalidate this wave before it actually comes to fruition. Or, price could make it to D and then an OPEC member could unexpectedly make a statement that they are increasing supply, thus oil price plummets, thus sending NZD/CAD price 100 pips higher blowing up our trade. Both scenarios are irrelevant to our plan. We can't predict if price will go lower tomorrow and we can't predict what an OPEC member will unexpectedly say. What we can do, is locate a high probability zone where price may reverse based on Wolfe wave theory coupled with a well thought out filtering system.

I hope this post will open trader's eyes to the possibilities. You are only limited by your imagination and your willingness to do the hard work. Be meticulous, be patient, and be confident that your trading endeavors will become reality.

Remember, CONFLUENCE IS KING!

Safe and prosperous trading going forward friends.

-Kurt

--- 帖子 #1283 ---
thanks, very good post

One question tough, how do you personally draw the fan angles?

Do you use High/lows of a move or do you look for the angles to fit previous price bounces, or just 45 degree?

In the last case, do you square time and price before (by adjusting the scale)?

--- 帖子 #1284 ---
@ Expo

You may, in time, want to think about putting a reference or link (is that possible?) to your excellent post 1286 on the front page of the thread.  IMHO, a strategy for filtering out high probability trades is exactly what the doctor ordered for the Wolfe Wave strategy given that so many trading opportunities set up.  The key is to look for highly visible support and resistance levels and you have the nearest ones covered with your resistance zones.  The confluence effect cannot be stressed enough and you have done a fabulous job of giving Wolfe Wave traders some boxes to tick so that they may have confidence in taking any particular trade.  Good job, sir!  After all, institutions move the markets and the likelihood of them trading Wolfe Waves is remote at best.  Therefore, in order to get your strategy trade moving, there has to be really good reasons why other participants would enter the market and propel it to your profit targets.  Confluence obviously gives more reasons why others would enter the market.

I have been developing my own price action strategy for some time now and have dissected trade set ups into their various components based on things that I want to watch out for. For instance if I'm looking at the various characteristics of a pullback in a trend, some things I may look for would be 50% pullback (0 or 1) or a pullback to the 20ema (o or 1). Using an Excel spreadsheet for this analysis is extremely powerful as, by the time one has looked at 200 trades or so with many criteria for each trade based on prior price action and the pullback sequence as well as entry, exit, win, lose, R-multiple profit (and loss - which should not exceed 1!), there is a good bit of data that can be queried in whatever way you like. The results can be very surprising and give the trader a few really key features to look for in order to find trades that have as much as  60-75% probability.  I would suggest, if other traders can be bothered, that a similar type of analysis is carried out for Wolfe Waves.  Criteria such as those in Expo's filtering system would be a good start to the column headings / criteria, but there could be many others too - again your imagination is the only thing limiting the process.  This type of exercise also ensures the trader records all of his/her trades and gives the trader a great deal of exposure to different looking set ups. It is easy to do manual backtesting on this type of strategy too, albeit time-consuming.  It is a marathon, not a sprint....

From a Price action perspective I really like the USDJPY setup that was posted (Expo I think) last week; for example, there is a bull channel on the H4 / H8 and price has pulled back to the trend line and also had a >50% PB from the high of the move.  There are other reasons too, but for me there is great confluence there.

Wishing you all a very profitable week ahead.

Stuart

--- 帖子 #1285 ---
Thanks Juri.

Yes, I draw the 45 degree line from the beginning of an impulse wave that I deem has relevance to area of interest.I think drawing the Gann fan is subjective to some extent. In the NZD/CAD example it's pretty obvious where it should be drawn. In many cases, however, the last impulse wave isn't so distinct. Many times I draw multiple fans just to see if any patterns emerge. I also like to check the higher time frames.

I'm still a novice when it comes to Gann fans but from what I've researched, it's hard to truly square time and price on the Meta 4 platform. I use the Fibonacci fan tool and add all of the levels manually with the corresponding converted angles. The fan doesn't stayed squared when changing time frames or when you're zooming in and out but it will remain squared when you go back to the original time frame and when you zoom back to where you originally drew the fan.

These are the converted angles with corresponding levels that I manually set in the Fibonacci fan tool
Attached Image

--- 帖子 #1286 ---
Thanks Stuart.

Very nice post my friend. I'm going to add the post to the first page along with some others that have some extra significance. I've been pressed for time since the beginning of this thread. I promised myself that I would scale back my commitments heading into next year.

The spreadsheet seems like a super productive exercise and very time consuming! There's no room for laziness in forex as you know.

Cheers, -Kurt

--- 帖子 #1287 ---
I stumbled upon this WW on the EUR/NZD weekly.

Let's break it down. Two things I notice on the weekly chart:

1) Point D near previous S/R

2) A doji followed by a hanging man (pretty bearish in my opinion considering the time frame)

EUR/NZD WEEKLY CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here's the daily chart with a look at some Gann fans. Possible price containment to the upside. Imo, not totally conclusive. This is a volatile pair so 100 pips either way on the bigger time frames is very possible.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here's a look at the FIB analysis on the daily chart. Imo, very powerful. Three FIB levels coincide closely with point D. All within 15 pips of each other on a daily time frame for this pair? That's something that should raise one's eyebrows.

1) 61.8FIB retracement from most recent and pertinent big move. (red)

2) 241FIB extension of BC (yellow)

3) 200FIB extension of XA (green)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

And the icing on the cake is a retest of the completion point of a bearish Quasimodo pattern (up and under pattern). Here's a look at that on the 4H time frame
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Longer term fundamental perspective: I think NZs economic issues are way less complex than the Euro economy and should be easier to manage. I also believe that Mr. Wheeler of the RBNZ has been forthright in his rhetoric. He's basically done exactly what he said he would do. And of course, the carry trade for larger entities would likely remain attractive going forward into 2018.

Imho, small positions with a fairly large SL could yield some big pips over the next couple of months

--- 帖子 #1288 ---
Hi Kurt,

Actually, I generally trade the FTSE (UKX) 5min chart so my strategy evolution and analysis is based on a couple of years of those charts plus another timeframe.  The aim is to get it going well on that and then move on to the infinitely more liquid EURUSD as and when I have looked into the idiosyncracies of that instrument on the 5min timeframe.  Currently getting all of the relevant charts saved when I can.  Every instrument has its own behavior in terms of what works well as technical S / R, how deep the pullbacks are - including how much a genuinely sensible stop might be taken out by before the move continues etc etc.  However, your post regarding the USDJPY Wolfe Wave spurred me to take a look at the setup and has got me doing a reasonable amount of work over the weekend on higher timeframe Fx charts to see if I can add them to my strategy trade plan.  TBH I would have liked to have seen the pullback go a little deeper (at least to 11313 which would be a double bottom on the H8 according to ProRealTime charts) as I can't see any robust technical support that has kicked in yet on the H8 apart from (with rose-tinted spectacles) maybe an inferred breakout test of a lower timeframe swing high pivot (11330) based on an upper tail .  I can see it on lower timeframe charts, but I generally like to at least be able to strongly  infer it on the timeframe that I am trading (tails on bars etc).  I'm thinking that we will maybe get another small leg down, but a swing stop should contain it if the bull trend on this timeframe is to continue.

The spreadsheet is time-consuming, but it is as ongoing dynamic piece of work so it doesn't have to feel like an arduous task.  Even starting one now, after a bit of thought as to what one wants to look for, and updating it with real-time trades rather than 'boring' backtesting may soon give enough data to become statistically significant for Wolfe Wavers.  The power of this approach should not be underestimated!

Also FWIW, I see your 'bearish Quasimodo pattern' - sorry, never heard of it! - as an expanding triangle or I believe some people call it a megaphone (?) where there is a concurrent bull trend (Higher highs) and bear trend (lower lows) and therefore a trading range.   I would generally expect the prior HH to be taken out given the strength of the bull spike at the start of the 4th leg, but the market is full of surprises and I may very well be wrong.

Green pips to all.

Stuart

--- 帖子 #1289 ---
Quasimodo pattern = Up and under price pattern https://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=444458

https://paracurve.com/2009/06/over-a...r-pattern.html

--- 帖子 #1290 ---
Ironic that you mentioned you'd like to see UJ at least at 113.13. About an hour ago I pulled up UJ on www.xe.com and it was showing a gap down to 113.13. It has since moved up a bit but technically you got your 113.13!

--- 帖子 #1291 ---
Hi Kurt:

I am not sure what exactly you mean by square chart, if you mean that the X (Time) to Y (price) Ratio be one to one ..?

then it can be done easly on changing it ratio to 1:1 in property of the chart context menu....? or this is not what you mean...?

And as you know, usually while the time is linearly changing, price scale is exponential, and being so it is very difficult to estimate the necessary 45 degree angle for the fist Gann line.

--- 帖子 #1292 ---
What I mean is that when you change time frames or zoom in/out the 45 degree line will stay at 45 degrees but the 1x1 fan line won't stay on that 45 degree line

With the Meta 4 platform, the reality is that you can't truly square your Gann fan using the Fib fan tool. At least that's what it seems from reading all of the information I could find on the subject. At the very least, I just want the fan to come back to the same original position after changing time frames and zooming in/out so I don't have to redraw the 45 degree line and the Fib fan all over again.

There's a good discussion here by "Mastermind" whose knowledge on the subject dwarfs anything I could ever know. Post #8 is where the discussion starts.

https://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=652723

--- 帖子 #1293 ---
Held over the weekend and now we have a nice free roll situation. In the green 30-40 pips now to see where London takes this. All SLs moved to BE.

Don't want to toot my own horn (actually I did play the trumpet in middle school), but just want to show how effective WW theory can be. We aren't trying to make any bold predictions about lasting trend reversals. All we are doing is capitalizing on a market structure that is out of balance with the physics and geometry of price. That may sound ridiculous to many professional traders but to each his own. All we are looking for is a 20-40 pip bounce. Then we can micro manage the trade and reassess the situation technically and fundamentally.

AUD/NZD 1H CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1294 ---
As I stated in this post, we can't predict what some large oil producers like Russia/OPEC members might say. Oil spikes about 70 cents on this news giving life to CAD across the board. The structure for my NZD/CAD set up is still valid but may break down. I generally stay away from CAD pairs just for this reason.

https://www.forexfactory.com/news.php?do=news&id=664597

No harm no foul, we haven't lost anything, only the time it took to analyze the set up and set the orders

EDIT: Structure is now invalid so the trade set up is thrown into the scrap heap

--- 帖子 #1295 ---
Entered short 159.36 at market open when liquidity picked up enough to make the spread reasonable. Added more at 159.02. Off to a nice running start about 80 pips green so far. SLs all moved to the 159.36 level for now
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1296 ---
Hi Kurt, Thank you so much for this useful information. God bless you mate, Cheers

--- 帖子 #1297 ---
Finally got a little momentum upwards here. Again, we got our 30 pips green and all SLs moved to BE. Price now at the next Gann fan line, hopefully we can break through
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1298 ---
You're welcome Rees.

God bless you brother.

--- 帖子 #1299 ---
Just thought I'd mention this in case anyone else is experiencing computer lag due to have many charts up at once all with the WW indicator on them.

I have a fairly new computer but still experience lag and freezing and I'm using the 8.5 version. So after I go through my analysis for a particular pair, I just put the 2 triangles on the chart manually. Basically, I just use the WW that is already there from the indicator and superimpose two triangles onto the chart using the triangle drawing tool. Then I just delete the indicator from that chart. Whats left is all of the other filters and the two WW triangles. Now I can move onto another pair and not have to worry about any lag.

--- 帖子 #1300 ---
Yes original one was invalidated but a new one is in progress
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Looking at 4H, this is in a good context of a yet to complete HTF WW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

congrats on your latest trades, well done

--- 帖子 #1301 ---
Hello,

It is nice to see when it goes as expected :-)

Best regards

Greger

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1302 ---
Expo33,

Here goes mine. I don't know whether is perfect or not, but I traded it.

Bought around 1.58600 and sold around 1.59237.

Now waiting for your reply. Trade was with a demo account.

Regards

piptakers

--- 帖子 #1303 ---
EURUSD DLY Chart:

Looking for 600+ pips from this one.

Fairly sure the current rally is a correction wave ii

[and it's topped out on Fib. Projections].

Cheers, U2

--- 帖子 #1304 ---
Thanks Juri.

I did notice another NCAD wave was developing

--- 帖子 #1305 ---
Well done Guran and thanks for posting!

--- 帖子 #1306 ---
Hi piptakers. Thank for posting.

It looks like point C has really run north since you posted this but the wave is still valid (just barely still converging)

Good luck!

--- 帖子 #1307 ---
I'm with the same trade running live at my account:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Good thread Expo33, keep us updated.

--- 帖子 #1308 ---
Well done and thanks for posting.

I can't post a good chart as I'm away from my computer but make note that there is a bearish WW on the hourly that is now in the D leg. AB=CD completion is at 114.02

Something to always be aware of: Waves developing inside waves especially when considering TPs

--- 帖子 #1309 ---
Are you talking about this one?
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1310 ---
Yes, that's the one

--- 帖子 #1311 ---
Hi,

I am new follower trying to follow the rules. Is this the correct one? NZD/USD 15 mins

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1312 ---
Hi pipstroll. Thanks for posting. Love the PVSRA template!

Yes, you have posted a valid Wolfe wave. You said NZD/USD but I'm assuming you meant EUR/NZD.

Just a side note. Always be mindful of any bigger waves in play

HOURLY
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

DAILY
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1313 ---
Noted.

Thank you for the extra lessons.

--- 帖子 #1314 ---
Looks like it was invalidated, on 30m/15m we have one almost formed in opposite direction.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In this case, I think it's better to wait for price stalling or some sign of rejection since price is accelerating (strength) into the sweet zone

--- 帖子 #1315 ---
not too bad...

--- 帖子 #1316 ---
AB != CD pls. explain why enter market earier? thanks~

--- 帖子 #1317 ---
If you have read through the thread and kept up with the ideas discussed, you would know that AB=CD isn't a necessary requirement for entry. It has been mentioned several times.

For the trade you are asking about, I did an entire post specifically dedicated to answering the question: Why did I enter this trade before AB=CD?

Please read post #1284

--- 帖子 #1318 ---
Looks like I missed it, was waiting for a deeper entry inside the sweet zone
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1319 ---
Parviz' indi is picking up bullish WWs in the D leg on the hourly, 4H, and weekly! None of which have very nice structure.

--- 帖子 #1320 ---
Interesting scenario with crude oil

Completion of a Quasimodo pattern at point C of a beautifully clean structured WW on the Daily. Can oil fall $10 to complete this WW? I wouldn't think so. Have a look.

US CRUDE OIL DAILY CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1321 ---
AUDCAD 15 min. Cheers

--- 帖子 #1322 ---
The indicator couldn't pick this one up because leg CD was too choppy. I found this one manually. A textbook case of confluence.

1) AB=CD = .7333 almost to the pip on a daily chart!

2) XA 161FIB extension = .7333

3) BC 200FIB extesion = .7333

4) Gann fan 4x1 line intersects time and space at .7333

5) Bullish Quasimodo pattern completion at .7310

For a daily time frame, could it be a bunch of coincidences? Or could it be the market is truly harmonic in nature?

AUD/USD DAILY CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1323 ---
Three levels of FIB confluence, Gann fan, previous S/R. Seems like a good spot for a bounce. Raises the question that's been posed before: Is point "X" legitimate?

EUR/JPY 30MIN CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1324 ---
Closed by wrong click...lol

--- 帖子 #1325 ---
3rd way to close orders

the key is to detect 2B 2H mode

--- 帖子 #1326 ---
Stopped out for -20 pips.

Lesson reaffirmed: Don't force point "X", make sure it's a more distinct high or low.

--- 帖子 #1327 ---
Hi Kurt

Thanks for setting up the thread and keeping it lively. Good job. Hoping to contribute more often in the future, but still in learning mode. One question regarding the (failed) EURJPY setup. Price touched the AC-Line a third time before it finally hit the trend line and sweet zone. Wasn't the setup already doubtful (invalid?) because of this? Thanks.

EDIT: Attached the chart in another timeframe. But question remains the same.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1328 ---
If you change the scale down, it is a valid X point.

From the examples I've seen, Bill Wolfe would have no problems to consider that a valid one.

It did bounce price, only it was short lived and hard to profit from. Can't win them all

EURJPY 5m
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

From a little checking the charts for history of non obvious X points WW, I get the impression they are still a good bet, maybe they require more consideration and aggressive management.

--- 帖子 #1329 ---
Yea I noticed he has no problem basically putting X anywhere.

For me, I prefer my starting point to be at a point where price is already moving in that direction, separate and distinct. I like the subjectivity in trading WWs, just as long as the plan is consistent

--- 帖子 #1330 ---
Agree, having the X point in same direction takes also advantage of crowd psychology:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

EDIT: typo, should be LL/LH

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Don't like the strength of the waves (projection) but gives a practical idea of what I mean.

Ideally, for the 3rd wave to have a good chance I like to see weak new structure lows (projection) with good depth.

--- 帖子 #1331 ---
I am trading D walve as seen in picture.

--- 帖子 #1332 ---
Hey Expo,

I'm no expert in Quasimodo patterns and I hadn't even heard of them until your post on Sunday evening.  Please correct me if I'm wrong but I'm not sure that I can see that it has been correctly implemented in your diagram.  As I understand it, there has to be a new extreme in price as the first point in the pattern and I don't think the small bull-leg really qualifies as a bull trend  or a new extreme in price (?)

http://www.profitf.com/articles/fore...ver-and-under/

Apologies if I'm talking rubbish!

Cheers

Stuart

--- 帖子 #1333 ---
Thank you Stuart.  You are correct!

I learrned something new today. I always wondered if I was missing something. Interesting that no one on the "up and under" thread ever corrected me.

The good news is, I think I just discovered a new pattern. We''ll call it the "rationalized, modified, no extreme high Expo33 Quasimodo" pattern.

--- 帖子 #1334 ---
Hi siawling.

Looks like you got an initial surge in price. I hope you moved your stops to break even before oil price surge blew up all CAD pairs.

--- 帖子 #1335 ---
Perfect illustration Juri

--- 帖子 #1336 ---
Hi... Kurt

I missed only 5pips to reach TP ( D wave) and stopped by TS+.

By the way, the price almost enter in SWEET AREA just touch the line, and then completed the E (Wolfe Wave)

--- 帖子 #1337 ---
I'm glad you got some green pips.

I'm always hesitant to have any open trades involving the Canadian dollar before the US inventory numbers come out. It doesn't really matter what system you're trading if oil surges $1 in price in 5 minutes, it's going to be bye bye all CAD bears the second the inventory print hits the wires

US OIL
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1338 ---
A little off topic, but I think this one fits the definition. A localized extreme low was made.

USD/JPY POTENTIAL BULLISH DAILY QUASIMODO
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1339 ---
I couldn't resist this WW on a 5 minute time frame! Missed first TP by a whisker.

GBP/USD 5MIN CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1340 ---
A successful losing trade for CWW

--- 帖子 #1341 ---
Tracking..........

USD/JPY 15MIN CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1342 ---
Entry price modification.

As the D leg takes more and more time to reach the completion price, it loses it's symmetry. On the other hand it may be accumulating a little bit. Maybe gathering a little extra momentum. As such, I have adjusted the scale in zone to a  higher price, a zone that also fits better into the Gann fan structure. Remember, the Gann fan also models "time" and in this case the D leg is taking more "time" so I'm trying to keep the symmetry with time by adjusting the scale in zone. This may not make much sense. Still a work in progress.....

USD/JPY 15MIN CWW - UPDATED SCALE IN ZONE
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1343 ---
Hi... Kurt

I'm agree with you, USDJPY daily chart has 3 potential :1. QUASIMODO, 2. HEAD & SHOULDER pattern, and 3. AB=CD pattern.

I've  long it with stop if price break the red line to invalidate the structure.

--- 帖子 #1344 ---
I've noticed you're trading the patterns before they complete. I hope you will make green pips that way but I prefer to trade when the patterns are complete

--- 帖子 #1345 ---
UJ sells off pips so trade is into the scrap heap. Turns out my original zone would have filled 3 out of the 5 positions for nice 30+ pip gain.

Note to self: stop making things so complicated!!

--- 帖子 #1346 ---
Hi Kurt and All, USDJPY 15 min in green pips already moved my Sl to Be. let see what happen next. Cheers Rees

--- 帖子 #1347 ---
Well done Rees. Stress free and pipalicious!

--- 帖子 #1348 ---
What was the WW you were trading?

The only one I could find was the following one and doesn't look not well structured:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1349 ---
forgot it, it was my mistake... B is higher than X....i had 4 bottle of bear yesterday...

--- 帖子 #1350 ---
try this one... petty good

--- 帖子 #1351 ---
USDJPY is heading back to its fresh lows between 108/109...

EURUSD dare i say is becoming a new haven like GOLD and we could possibly see this head towards 1.13 and 1.15 in extension before seeing a minor 38.2% correction just in order for it to continue to go up... too many retail are short this pair and playing it short thinking GAP will close.. this is not always the case, we can have a runaway gap, i am cautious this pair and prefer the play on JPY crosses and GOLD.... so basically buy into safe havens... just my 2 cents.

GOLD leads the way, and the way i see it there is no reason why GOLD cannot continue north, next targets are: 1264/1279 and possibly retest of 1300

GBPJPY hit my TP targets... and those who recall my post i did mention that after targets were reached it could be a very strong short selling opportunity taking us back from where we came from prior the snap election date that PM May mentioned.

--- 帖子 #1352 ---
Neither of these are WWs. second one doesn't even come close to converging.

--- 帖子 #1353 ---
Also not a WW. The structure becomes invalid once price forms a lower low after point C was established

I respectfully suggest you go back to post#1 and learn from the start what constitutes a classic Wolfe wave.

--- 帖子 #1354 ---
Hi Kurt; Profit taken thanks again for your guidance. Cheers.

--- 帖子 #1355 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

there's one but the C point should be the lower one, again the X point falls under the weird ones, but technically according to B.Wolfe this still qualifies as a WW I think.

--- 帖子 #1356 ---
You got it, hence the need to be able to draw WWs manually as the indicator can't pick this one up regardless of the settings.

Again, the sweet zone reigns supreme as price reverses beautifully.

--- 帖子 #1357 ---
Still struggling to determine the sweet zone! for my entry most of the time I enter to early or to late. Cheers

--- 帖子 #1358 ---
Yeah, the concept of the sweet zone is the masterpiece of Bill Wolfe IMHO, it combines time and space, allowing zero drawdown entries on narrow zones. He suggests beginners to trade those narrow ones, as those are much easier to handle from the risk perspective. Steep zones require other filters like harmonic completions (AB=CD), fib extensions, market structure, etc... since price can go quite a bit before snapping back to equilibrium.

Some thoughts about what makes up the sweet zone and the difference between AB=CD trading and WW trading.

Why is the sweet zone much more powerful in timing entries?
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Just my interpretation, don't pretend to be right

Unrelated to the above, interesting sentence, picked this up from the PDF, what makes a WW a good wave:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1359 ---
I downloaded the pointzero wolf wave indicator does the arrow come in real time could someone let me know

--- 帖子 #1360 ---
Thanks for taking tome to put this analysis together.

I also noticed that section in the PDF, something to be on the look out for.

I think this video is relevant to the discussion. It comes from Damian ("Mr. Pip") who I really respect as a harmonic trader. I think this was the first video he did. He has an excellent thread: "Ratios & Harmonics: a Different Way to Trade"

Inserted Video

--- 帖子 #1361 ---
Can't comment as I've never used it. Have you tried any of parviz' WW indicators that are on post #1?. I think you may find that they are more than sufficient and go far beyond anything else produced.

--- 帖子 #1362 ---
yes I tried your indicator but it locked the charts up completely had to delete it.  I am not good with technology so i did not know what to do.  Thanks, bob

--- 帖子 #1363 ---
Well it's not "my" indicator it was developed by member "parviz".

The newest versions do use a lot of the CPU. I use the 8.5 version. If I have a few charts up with the indicator on each, my platform also lags and freezes. What I do is put the indi on one chart, find any potential waves that I want to track, then delete the indi and put up the wave manually. Then I move on to the next pair. That way I keep my platform running normal.

--- 帖子 #1364 ---
ok sounds good thanks for all your help and GOD BLESS

--- 帖子 #1365 ---
I've been watching this one for a month and it's finally reached my scale in zone. Hopefully price will drift lower and fill up some of my positions. I have 40 micro lots ready with 2 pips between each position.

Gann believed the fans carried more relevance on higher time frames, the weekly being particularly powerful. Judging from that fact, I would think there should be some strong resistance at the bottom of the scale in zone should price make it that far. Probably not a coincidence that the 38.2FIB from the larger move is right in that area.

I think this set up potentially offers a nice RR. It will require some patience to be sure, but hopefully over the next few months the fundamentals and the carry trade factor will ultimately get the Kiwi heading back up again.

NZD/CHF WEEKLY CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

And here's what it looks like with the limit orders all set up. Just set them all at 100 pip SL with 300 pip TP. Will adjust TPs if orders get filled. Looks outrageous 2 pips apart on a weekly chart!

By the way the scaling script I started using has been such a blessing. Saves a lot of time and is easy to use.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1366 ---
All set up and waiting.......

EUR/USD 15MIN CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1367 ---
Also a bigger potential wave in play here

EUR/USD 1H CWW - POTENTIAL HEAD AND SHOULDERS
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1368 ---
I see thanks, i just cant find precised signal yesterday, so i make do with them...

--- 帖子 #1369 ---
the reason you missed this....you do need WSR!

when near super SR lvls, you can enter at 70-80% AB

--- 帖子 #1370 ---
thanks guys even though I could not get the indicator on page one of the thread i could get the point zero wolfe wave on my mt4 i can see the power of these patterns

--- 帖子 #1371 ---
Heres a wave , within a opposite wave . Not sure about this last setup , guess ill watch TDI indicator to determine.  also gold opens soon so it could go either way

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1372 ---
Nice chart Tbuild.

I like the way you're seeing the big picture.

--- 帖子 #1373 ---
nzdcad 1.618ab=cd

--- 帖子 #1374 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1375 ---
Is anyone using parviz Indicator? how do I know what the correct depth setting I should be using is?

--- 帖子 #1376 ---
Hi Golden.

There is no "correct" extdepth setting. The latest versions of the indicator (9.6 and 9.6.1) both automatically search all time frames and all extdepth settings. When it's done with the search, it will show clickable "buttons" that reveal the waves it has found. You can then click on the button to see the wave it has detected.

The older version 8.5 does not automatically search for Wolfe waves. The user has to select the time frame and the extdepth setting manually.

Many waves that have extremely choppy price action can not be detected by the indicator regardless of what the extdepth setting is on. Thus, it is beneficial to be able to detect and plot on Wolfe waves manually.

Just in case you haven't seen it, on post #1 the developer of the indicator, "parviz1953" has attached instructions for each of the 3 versions I mentioned above. Hopefully, he will correct me if I've made any mistakes explaining how the indicators work.

If you have any other questions, please feel free to ask. In the meantime, best of luck to you and thanks for posting.

Hope this helps.

Cheers, -Kurt

--- 帖子 #1377 ---
Wow thank you so much for the detailed explination i started using ww and took a break from trading for about a month and i am just starting to research it again! This is probably the "holy grail" i have been looking for. It seems to be a simple system to understand and use when used properly. I have downloaded the pdf and will be following up of the forum! Thank you!

Many wishes of green pips for all

-Lucas

--- 帖子 #1378 ---
You're welcome.

Well, far from the holy grail. Just a simple wave structure that we are trying to master. Finding the waves, or using the indicator to find them for you is the easy part. The hard part is coming up with a personalized filtering strategy to only trade those waves that give you an edge.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1379 ---
There is one secret setting which do not need modification at 90% of time, check my posts...

--- 帖子 #1380 ---
Please correct me if I am wrong but this WW is not invalidated passing out of the channel

The other one I posted is a valid WW I believe. Correct me if I am wrong here too.

--- 帖子 #1381 ---
You're image isn't clickable

Please let us know what pair and what time frame so we can analyze and comment

--- 帖子 #1382 ---
NZD USD 1hr for invalid

EURJPY 1hr for Valid

--- 帖子 #1383 ---
It seems you have tons of posts! Lol may you help me with a page or general range to look through of pages. If not I can look through them

--- 帖子 #1384 ---
If you check his posts you will more than likely be very confused as half of the waves posted aren't Wolfe waves. In addition, most posts do not clearly show any of the points XABCD. I've stopped looking at them as I expect posters to at least make an effort to clearly define the wave they are suggesting.

--- 帖子 #1385 ---
The NZD/USD was a valid WW. The question is how big of a stop loss is one willing to risk given the position size, The bigger question is why one would be inclined to trade this wave in the first place. In hindsight, everything is easy.

For this wave, what we can say before it reached point"D" was that the price action between A,B and C was a mess. Very choppy, with a couple of big wicks. Not good symmetry. Ideally we are looking for nice clean legs to our wave. Very distinct and uniform.

As an example, look at the price action on this developing WW. Fairly uniform from A to B, from B to C, and now on the way down to D. (although price seems to have stalled for a few days. A much cleaner wave

CAD/CHF DAILY WW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1386 ---
ahhh I see how it was valid and I defiantly agree the price action was very choppy and waves were not clearly defined. If I am correct this position would have been a sell once it hit the sweet spot but it continued up and would have probably hit stop loss

--- 帖子 #1387 ---
Actually, the real difference between us is the way of entry.

You: put limited orders on support area.

Me: find 2 possible entries with fibo extension.

--- 帖子 #1388 ---
first one today!

--- 帖子 #1389 ---
If you actually took the time to read my posts you'd see that I ALWAYS use FIB extensions as an entry tool AND as a gauge of where to put my stop losses. Gann fans, previous S/R, larger move  FIB retracements, and other tools are used to confirm the trade thru confluence.

--- 帖子 #1390 ---
ok i see.

I cant say which way is better, it's just personal things....the best one is the one suit yourself.

More signal...

--- 帖子 #1391 ---
done search H1-D1 last 2.

--- 帖子 #1392 ---
EU 30 min possible WW

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1393 ---
GBP/CAD 30

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

audcad 30 missed...
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

It seems i have to turn on Parviz1953 indi alert function from now on...

All pairs + silver gold = 30 symbols...

each symbol has 4-5 different TF, so 30*5=150 charts to search every day

it's tons of work for a spare time player....

--- 帖子 #1394 ---
I decide to train myself hard from today...first target - no missing signals!!!

--- 帖子 #1395 ---
USDCAD H4 possible Wolfe Waves ?

--- 帖子 #1396 ---
Yes it's a WW. Good luck with your trade.

I'm not trading any Canadian pairs until after the OPEC meetings on Thursday.

--- 帖子 #1397 ---
yes

--- 帖子 #1398 ---
Ready and waiting..........

AUD/USD 1H CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1399 ---
EURUSD H1

--- 帖子 #1400 ---
more on M30

--- 帖子 #1401 ---
Hi siawling,

EURUSD 4H shows a recently completed CWW.
Edit; Looking to Short it ~1.1300

Cheers, U2

--- 帖子 #1402 ---
Finally pulling the trigger on a Euro short. Was waiting for a retest of the 112.60 area. Also have scaled in limit orders ready and waiting up 112.84

EUR/USD DAILY CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1403 ---
v9.6 draws it with apex D[5] like this:

EURUSD DLY Chart CWW:

Cheers, U2

--- 帖子 #1404 ---
Not sure why 9.6 doesn't draw the correct "D" point. If you calculate it manually, D should be at about 1.1288 as it is shown by the 8.5 version. Maybe the triangle is only drawn to the most up to date price on the 9.6 version whereas in the 8.5 version the triangle is drawn to where the AB=CD completion price should be, regardless if it ever reaches that price.

Maybe Parviz can comment when he sees this post.

EDIT: It looks like that's how the 9.6 version works. It only draws the D leg triangle up to the point where price reverses, NOT where the actual AB=CD price would be

--- 帖子 #1405 ---
I think BC better to make a ZZ swing, otherwise it is too short.

any way, H1 CWW was started...

--- 帖子 #1406 ---
oh my god...how could i missed this one???.... not forgive my self....

--- 帖子 #1407 ---
FWIW, for those watching AUDUSD for an H1 WW, it's possibly in the middle of a daily in the opposite direction

--- 帖子 #1408 ---
Me too...

--- 帖子 #1409 ---
Hi :

Both version will draw the completed CWW and accept it as a valid complete , as soon as price reach the line1_3, and update every time you search again if price goes higher, if the price pass the 2nd sweet zone then, it does not draw it anymore( or show it as a potential) , and consider it a failed "complete" one.

PS:

So for a completed CWW, it does not wait for AB=CD ,and consider it valid by touch of Line1_3.

In contrast to "potential", which it calculate, and predict the D, on the basis of AB=CD.

The difference between U2 graph and yours , is that you used potential wave button and he chose the completed wave.

--- 帖子 #1410 ---
Hi Parviz.

Thanks for the explanation!

--- 帖子 #1411 ---
I'm still holding short from my hourly WW. SL to BE. Too bad only 1 of my 5 positions got filled. I see that on the daily it may be the start of a D leg down but way too early to tell.

AUD/USD 1H CWW UPDATE
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

A look at the Daily
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1412 ---
Update: We got a nice 80 pip sell of on the EUR/USD. Stops move to BE now we enjoy the stress free ride, hopefully down down down.

EUR/USD DAILY CWW UPDATE
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1413 ---
Armed and ready for war..........

GBP/CHF 1H CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1414 ---
GOT in The ZONE~

--- 帖子 #1415 ---
Based on daily chart, I'm looking best price to short Aussie, I expect a D leg down to retest a support around 0,71XX.

By the way, this is a QUASIMONDO PATTERN too.

--- 帖子 #1416 ---
I think there may be some confusion as to what constitutes a Quasimodo

QUASIMODO PATTERN
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1417 ---
Entered long with more positions scaled in and waiting.

NZD/USD 30MIN CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1418 ---
Hi Kurt, thanks for explanation.

I meant Aussie daily chart, seems that Up and Under Price Pattern.

--- 帖子 #1419 ---
We got most of the positions filled and the bounce in price. Stops moved up pretty tight, now to let this run.

NZD/USD 30MIN CWW - UPDATE
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1420 ---
AUDUSD D1

I was thinking more along the lines of the chart below, being a bit more open minded as to how the waves are perceived.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1421 ---
Yes I agree. I knew I was trading against the bigger time frame wave. I posted this same wave on post#1326 and ended up banking about 120 pips. Longer term fundamentals kept me from holding it any longer than a week. As a general rule, the bigger time frame takes precedence but that won't stop me from entering a trade in the opposite direction on a smaller time frame if a valid WW presents itself. In fact, WWs inside bigger waves are good indicators that it's time to take some profit off the table. Truly, the possibilities are only limited by each trader's imagination.

The hourly WW short on the Aussie netted me 50 pips in less than a day. Precisely, why I love WWs. Don't need a trend, don't need a particular pair, don't need a specific time frame. It's just one big smorgasbord of opportunities.

Cheers, -Kurt

--- 帖子 #1422 ---
Stops moved to BE. Hopefully the Kiwi will keep running north. A nice little pullback into a demand zone, then the continuation up. So far a textbook trade.

NZD/USD 30MIN CWW - UPDATE
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1423 ---
Been waiting about 10 hours on this one. We are at the cusp of the scale in zone. Hopefully we can get some positions filled

GBP/CHF 1H CWW - POTENTIAL FILL
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1424 ---
Hi Kurt,

I was looking at the front page trying to find the stop exit part of the plan.  Maybe you have discussed it elsewhere in the thread, but would you mind outlining how you define your stop when using this strategy?

Many thanks,

Stuart

--- 帖子 #1425 ---
We only got 4 out of 10 positions filled but we took profit of 50+ pips per position. Price hit the target line to the pip

GBP/CHF 1H CWW - UPDATE
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1426 ---
Hi Stuart.

Placing the SLs is going to be somewhat subjective. A lot will depend on your risk management profile. For me, I tend to use the FIB extension of BC as a guideline. So, if I'm planning on scaling in from the 161FIB to the 200FIB, then my SLs will be above/below the next level which would be the 261FIB. I also look at the XA FIB extension to see if there is any confluence. I also look at the FIB levels from the bigger move to see if there is any confluence. In addition, I also look at previous S/R and Gann fans. I'm trying to use multiple tools to find a layer of confluential resistance. Where is a level that will be the line in the sand? Then place my SLs above/below that level. The idea is to give the trade enough room to breath while managing the risk in a way that makes sense.

Here's an example form my active Kiwi trade. I took the trade levels and indicator off the chart so it's easier to see how I initially set my SLs. Hopefully, it's self explanatory. In this case the SL is roughly 30 pips from the top of the scale in zone which may seem like a lot for a 30MIN WW, but my ultimate TP zone is from 50-100 pips. As long as the total %risk for the trade is within my own personal risk management parameters, then I can sleep well at night.

It may sound silly to some, but for me, the whole process is almost an art form. From locating/mapping the wave, to constructing a confluence profile, to setting the SLs and TPs. It's all a personal journey. We all have the same canvas but we have the freedom to paint our own masterpiece (wow, that is some cheesy stuff right there!)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Updated look with trade levels and SLs moved to BE. Notice the 23.6FIB from the larger move is now my support area. The SLs at BE are just below that level. Now it's a stress free trade, just sit back and see if we hot a home run. I actually did bank some pips from one position. There were 7 scaled in from the start with 6 left running.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Just to take the discussion a little further, there is now a new bearish WW developing. This may give us a new guideline for adjusting a few of our TPs. Have a look here:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1427 ---
Kurt,

Thanks for the reply.  I thought it would be a subjective matter or else it would, no doubt, have been specified from the outset, but I thought I'd check.

Cheers

Stuart

--- 帖子 #1428 ---
You're welcome Stuart.

I think I went a little more in depth with an example since your reply. Hopefully you'll check it out later

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1429 ---
Thanks for the clarification Kurt.  Like you say it's a subjective matter and I would probably do something similar using the S/R zones to the left and some function of ATR (depending on timeframe) rather than extension percentages.  If there's a number of S/R targets in close proximity, I've noticed that the middle of the zone can work well if not scaling in.  Then it is just a matter of determining where the next S/R zone is and whether it is worth toughing it out and letting price head towards it whilst on board, or stopping out and maybe trying again in the next zone.

All the best,

Stuart

--- 帖子 #1430 ---
EURUSD Renko Chart:

Maybe one more Impulsive Wave D[5].

Cheers, U2

--- 帖子 #1431 ---
correct me if I am wrong, new to this methodology. Thanks

GOLD 1HR CHART

--- 帖子 #1432 ---
correct me if I am wrong, new to this methodology. Thanks GOLD 1HR CHART

Hi John, just look for 3 higher highs , with 2 converging higher lows . nice triangle though

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1433 ---
Thanks!

--- 帖子 #1434 ---
disappointing....overnight rate and FOMC both in the same direction against my trade....

--- 帖子 #1435 ---
Well I certainly hope not

I am still trading short on the daily bearish WW. Took profits before the FOMC minutes at the 1.1180 area, now trying to refill short from 1.1122 to 1.1142

Time will tell..........
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1436 ---
miserable thing happens again....

0.4 pip higher to my entry lvl....oh....

--- 帖子 #1437 ---
Found this one manually as the indicator couldn't pick it up. Missed the first scale in position by one pip. Guess I should have started scaling in at the 141FIB with 10 smaller positions instead of 5.  Was trying to mitigate risk as this pair can be volatile. Would have been nice to have 30 pips green and another free roll. Such is life, move forward and look for the next opportunity.

GPB/AUD 15MIN CWW - MISSED ENTRY
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1438 ---
hi Kurt:

The indicator has found it on 5 min chart and Depth of 20 and the same waves ,use version 9.6...
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1439 ---
Bravo!!

I stand corrected.

--- 帖子 #1440 ---
This version is a great help for picking up right charts, but it frezzed the screen some times...

--- 帖子 #1441 ---
hi bro,

Is there any way to speed up the searching process? press search again will lead to Mt4 crash sometimes...

maybe you can limit the searching criteria？ or make it adjustable?

For E.X, my favorite para for ZZ is 12 20, so the program will only search 12,20.

I hope this could speed up the program and eliminate crashes.

As you know, if crash happens, it will be a big trouble for EA users...

Thanks for your great effort!

--- 帖子 #1442 ---
widen spread during Asia session....lol....

life is hard, forex is harder...

--- 帖子 #1443 ---
Hi :

1) It would be much faster if you do not press "search again" button , instead change the TF and return , this will stop indicator and reinitialize , and so it is much faster.

2)The lower the TF the higher the amount of bars and data, so the slower the indicator.

3) I have implemented your idea : in this version you are not limited to a set of 6 ExtDepth anymore , you may now enter whatever you want (eg. 12,20 or 12,6,30,20) in the input. (only need to be comma separated, does not even need to be in order).

This will replace version 9.6 .

--- 帖子 #1444 ---
a friend in need is a friend indeed, thanks!!!

--- 帖子 #1445 ---
Thanks

Feel free to enter other depths too, like (5, 23, 18....)

but it is very interesting that 3,6,12 and probably 24,36 ...., are harmonics frequencies, so that if in lower TF , you find a pattern with say 20 , you will find the same pattern in higher TF with Depth of 3 or 6,... .

--- 帖子 #1446 ---
Hello Folks :
I am really sorry , the version 9.7 posted earlier had a minor bug for which i have to remove it from the previous post ,please download it again, pardon me for the inconvenience
Attached File(s)   parvizCWW v9.7.ex4

75 KB
|
400 downloads

--- 帖子 #1447 ---
Thanks for fixing it Parviz!

It [9.7] was freezing my screen.

I'll try again.

Cheers, U2

EDIT: Fixed :-]

--- 帖子 #1448 ---
EURUSD H4 Chart:

Lower High in place?

[Short]

Cheers, U2

FYI

Ian Copsey: "Therefore, we have seen the final high............."
http://harmonicelliottwave.blogspot.hu/

--- 帖子 #1449 ---
EURUSD DLY Chart [Not WW]:

Correction over?

Cheers, U2

--- 帖子 #1450 ---
EURUSD WLY Chart: PWW

This Potential WW gives a D[5] target ~1.0000

That's 1200 pips!

Cheers, U2

--- 帖子 #1451 ---
USDCAD M15 = CWW ?

--- 帖子 #1452 ---
Good luck!

--- 帖子 #1453 ---
Just become a valid Completed CWW ,it will enter the Sweet Zone, if it continue to go higher, better to look for confluence point , before trading short, to get a better risk to reward ratio.

--- 帖子 #1454 ---
Dear Parviz thank you so much for your time and effort, I really appreciate your hard work and commitment . Cheers Rees.

--- 帖子 #1455 ---
Ah, but there has been a WW wave on the daily for awhile. As we discussed yesterday, I'm back in short after taking some profit from earlier in the week

EUR/USD DAILY CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1456 ---
Hi sister.

If you draw the lines as they should be, this is technically not a WW as XB and AC are not converging.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1457 ---
Hi bro Kurt,

Morning just wake up, see my position had hit SL.

Yeah Im wrong that both lines are not converging.

Thanks for correcting me.

--- 帖子 #1458 ---
still lead to crash sometimes....

Could u pls. make a simple modification for this version?

Referash the indi when any buttons was clicked.

or do u have a version which dose not have auto-search function?

--- 帖子 #1459 ---
https://fx1.net/mt4bar.php

Problem sloved!

--- 帖子 #1460 ---
back to the game...

--- 帖子 #1461 ---
the first post have the manual version 8.5

--- 帖子 #1462 ---
thanks! solved!

more...more~~~

--- 帖子 #1463 ---
This WW was discussed in detail over the last 2 weeks. Price was obviously a bit over extended but bullish momentum kept us in the monitoring mode. I was on the sidelines until finally pulling the trigger yesterday, and I'm glad I did as it's now nearly +100 pips in the green. All SLs to BE with TPs open for adjustment. Probably may take half profit off before the weekend. This may have legs to run down some more.

Confluence was just too good to resist.

1) Price continually rejected off the top of the Gann fan

2) 261FIB of BC extension

3) 200FIB of the XA extension

4) 78.6 FIB of the larger move

Also, not shown is bearish daily divergence on the MACD.

GBP/USD DAILY CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1464 ---
You're welcome, hope you didn't lose too much, good that you had your SLs in place.

As I stated at the start of the week, I was going to be on the sidelines for all pairs involving the Canadian dollar due to the uncertainty surrounding the OPEC meetings that went on all day today. Unfortunately, it doesn't really matter what system you're trading. When oil plummets, UCAD is going to the moon, at least in the short term.

Oil falling off a cliff to the tune of $4 or nearly 8% in one day!
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1465 ---
Hi Kurt;

Thank you for your guidance , I really enjoy end learn a lot from your posts please, keep writing and coaching us until we all become a little Expo33

Expert just like you.

God bless ,Cheers Rees.

--- 帖子 #1466 ---
G/C 4H. Cheers Rees.

--- 帖子 #1467 ---
Hi Rees.

Thank you for the kind words. I consider myself a student before an expert. I'm glad you're learning something here. I'm also learning here. This thread has challenged me, and opened my eyes to some new ways of thinking and trading. It's exactly what I was hoping it would be.

Cheers, -Kurt

--- 帖子 #1468 ---
Nice set-up.

You can see the obvious demand zone as point D approaches. Well worth monitoring

NOTE: There is also another valid WW on the 4H. Worth keeping an eye on. I am tentative when it comes to anything with CAD involved until oil price settles back into a less volatile mode. At the moment, oil is rebounding, thus GBP/CAD going down

Another GBP/CAD 4H CWW at completion
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1469 ---
Thanks mate.

--- 帖子 #1470 ---
Thanks for warning ! I will keep an eye on it carefully.

--- 帖子 #1471 ---
Harmonic Elliott Wave analysis for anyone shorting EURUSD WLY WW.

Cheers, U2
http://harmonicelliottwave.blogspot.hu/

--- 帖子 #1472 ---
Soldiers ready for battle.........

EUR/GBP 4H CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1473 ---
Hope some of you caught this move on GOLD or JPY crosses...

I am installing new version made by parviz... so will try to keep to waves too... but i only use the weaves as additional confirmation for my main trading

--- 帖子 #1474 ---
Looks like first level has broken. I'm liking the looks of the WW you posted. It's right at the 50FIB from the larger move and also right at the 4x1 Gann fan line. I've got 20 scaled in micro limit orders ready. TPs to be adjusted if positions get filled. Maybe today, or maybe next week it will happen.

GBP/CAD 4H CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1475 ---
Hi jon,

To give your posts relevance,

would you label each pair and time frame.

Thanks mate!

--- 帖子 #1476 ---
Carefully, i have also some micro order ready , hopefully we will rich the target next week.Cheers

--- 帖子 #1477 ---
Short at 0.8714

[0.9 pip spread was a pleasant surprise;

not one that I usually trade]

Thanks for the TA Kurt!

--- 帖子 #1478 ---
EURGBP

Just gone short at 8745.2

Looking at the daily chart we can see 2 measured moves just completed.  The red lines on the right show the MM based on the BC leg and the one on the left shows a logical buy above a bull signal bar with the logical price action stop at the low of the preceding strong leg.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1479 ---
I went too early and was stopped out.

Will take another look Monday.

Cheers, U2

--- 帖子 #1480 ---
Hello everyone,

I leave here the link to an article posted on the MQL5 website referring to Wolfe Waves
https://www.mql5.com/es/articles/3131

Regards

--- 帖子 #1481 ---
Good luck to us.

My entire zone got filled up from .8722-8742. So far the soldiers have defended their ground. I thought about booking the little profit as it has been an amazing week, but instead I'll keep this open into next week

Cheers, -Kurt

--- 帖子 #1482 ---
Nice. It looks like you got an excellent entry price!

--- 帖子 #1483 ---
Hola mrvgikl.

Gracias por compartir esta informacin. Ten un buen fin de semana!

--- 帖子 #1484 ---
what a nice article, thanks a lot sir....

--- 帖子 #1485 ---
The only other trade I'm holding over the weekend. This has filled up and held it's ground. I think this is encouraging considering oil rebounded about $1.70 in the last 7 hours

GBP/CAD 4H CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1486 ---
Busy week ahead. Trying to get some get some setups prepared early.

AUD/USD 4H CWW - POTENTIAL SETUP
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1487 ---
hehe! fixed a ea bug with will lead to closing at wrong price!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Next week i will start my revenge!

--- 帖子 #1488 ---
GBPJPY daily may be setting up something quite appealing.

The bull move I am looking at will hopefully meet support in the circled area on the left.  The 14212 Breakout above a prior swing high has already been tested and there were buyers there.  I'm hoping there is a little more left in the bear move so that the BC measured move completes down to the 14131 area.  This is also a decent support area and the worst case from the point of view of a stop would be the 14000 level, but lower timeframe price action and measured moves may give a better idea if and when the time comes.  Also a >50% retracement of the prior bull move would take us to a level below 14186 which then becomes more attractive for bulls. This is also a decent support area and the worst case from the point of view of a stop would be the 14000 level, but lower timeframe price action and measured moves may give a better idea if and when the time comes.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

And with Gann Fan on (I don't know how to use this properly as Kurt does (more reading to do on my part) but I think this works.  Kurt will have to correct me if I'm wrong, but I think the Fan implies that one could expect to meet support around the 14100 area as things stand just now (?)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I like this possibility for other reasons too.

The weekly chart shows a strong Bull breakout in the shaded area and this should give rise to some sort of measured move and there are numerous possibilities based on buy-the-close bulls with a stop below the low of the bull trend or possibly the open of the week 45 breakout bar to the close of week 48 strong bull bar - who knows just now?!  Maybe there'll be one or more legs down from here (to maybe form a 3-push bull flag on the line shown) before the resumption of the bull move, if it does indeed resume.  The 14000 area on the weekly chart is showing decent support as the signal bar high (ie where the bulls entered before) is shown.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Cheers,

Stuart

--- 帖子 #1489 ---
I am very surprised that Parviz Indi has not be turned into an EA. I feel it would be interesting to see.

--- 帖子 #1490 ---
Hi Sal.

I like the analysis and yes, your Gann fan looks right to me.

This setup brings up the discussion we had before in regards to where is a valid starting point for "X". I think it's a personal preference for each trader. If it works, that's all that really matters. For me, I like to have my starting point be at least a distinctive minor high or low.

Just a side note. I only use the New York close for candles (damn self centered Yanks!). I noticed your candles are noticeably different than mine. I'm curious what broker/platform you are using?

Notice the difference right where the unfilled gap is
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1491 ---
I'm not sure it would be that simple. Personally I'm not a huge of EAs to begin with. That's not to say they don't have value or don't work. I just like to set everything up manually.

Sure, you could make an EA that just enters a trade as soon as the AB=CD price hits within a valid WW, but how would you account for any type of confluence. For every valid WW there are more reasons to NOT trade it than there are TO trade it.

Maybe others will chime in with there thoughts on this

--- 帖子 #1492 ---
Hey Kurt,

I use IG index and their free access to ProRealTime charts.  That is why I struggled to take a look at Parviz' indicator so had to set up a demo account just to check it out.

With respect to the chart timeframes, I dislike the differences.  As I trade FTSE price action on lower timeframes I really like the 8am open and the 16:30 close because it gives the day a certain structure.  The globex session drives me nuts as some of the daily price action is affected by the globex session, whereas channels and patterns often carry though from the close of the prior day to the open of 'today' and you don't see that if you have the globex chart up so it is generally more work than it should be to rationalise the price action.  I have come to the conclusion that it shouldn't matter because whichever chart is being traded needs to make sense so if a daily session channel line is providing support, there is always another reason that should be apparent on the globex chart.  Ok, so I've gone off on one a bit there - sorry!  The message I guess is that it shouldn't matter.  Gaps are just spikes, climaxes, trend bars.  I just mentally fill in the gaps with a trend bar. I could probably elaborate on that at some point if you wanted me to.

Yes, I've seen the discussion about what constitutes a valid start point or point X and can see that it is in the eye of the beholder and neither way is right or wrong.  If it works for 'you' then it is right for you.  I wasn't actually looking for Wolfe Waves when I saw this GBPJPY possibility; I was looking through some HTF charts trying to identify potential setups for a different strategy and then I noticed this WW setup so maybe it doesn't look as appealing to a WW trader, but from a PA perspective there's the potential to structure some nice trades.

Cheers

Stuart

--- 帖子 #1493 ---
Hello expo and hello to all other users :-) I am really happy to have found this strategy and you guys. I have already spent many hours exploring WWs and it is huge fun. But I wanted to ask if someone can take the time and explain me the fibo lines! So where do I put them in and how do I interpret them?

Thank you for your answers! :-)

--- 帖子 #1494 ---
Hi there and welcome to Expo's quality WW thread!

It has been said that people don't trade the markets; they trade their beliefs about the markets.  So first you have to ask yourself if you believe that Fib numbers have any use in the markets.  If you do then you can probably trade them, but ask yourself why do you believe in them.  I know that Expo, or Kurt, among many others believe in these % extensions (that for some reason get labeled as Fibos but I'm not sure what the numbers actually have to do with Fibonacci sequence!- if they do then can someone please enlighten me) and from what I have seen they are useful to them and can help traders who believe in them to attach a structure to their trading set ups with respect to how they scale in to trades or where they place their stops. This is a powerful thing, as a strategy and set up you believe in and can trade without question is worth its weight in gold. I am probably in the minority of traders who don't find 'Fib' numbers useful in their trading because they don't have any statistical significance and are as good as / no better than any other numbers you may care to conjur up. That is my belief and you may not find it useful.  I believe that looking for support and resistance levels and zones to the left on the chart and trying to find areas of confluence with forms of  leg 1 =leg 2 (measured) moves - these are areas of self-fulfilling prophecies that generate their own support / resistance because bulls will go long / buy back their shorts and at the same time bears will go short / sell out of their longs  - in the recent past gives the best chance of success and I use these areas to structure my trades.

I do not mean to antagonise anyone and I make no judgement on what other people believe.  There are many ways to trade in general and certainly many ways to trade Wolfe Waves.  'Fibos' may provide you with the answer, but if they don't then it is certainly possible trade without them.

Cheers,

Stuart

--- 帖子 #1495 ---
Many Thanks Stuart for your quick and detailed answer! Your information will help me in my work with WWs very much!

--- 帖子 #1496 ---
Nice post Sal. It's always productive and educational to here some views from the other side of the coin sort of speak. By the way, I thought your charts looked familiar. I had recently downloaded the trial platform to check out their renko options.

The extensions come from the true retracement levels that are derived from the actual fibonacci number sequence.

Here's a copy and past from this pdf: http://www.forex.com/uk/pdf/Fibonacci-guide.pdf

Maybe of some interest to others, just thought I'd post it here.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

If you use the legitimate retracement levels derived form the # sequence: .236, .382, .618. and you come up with the default meta4 extension levels.

1/.236 = 4.23

1/.382 = 2.61

1/.618 = 1.61

The rest are derived from the added levels thru squaring , etc etc. There are entire books written on the subject but not really something we need to get into for our purposes.

Anyways, more importantly, as you stated, we need to be looking left to see the previous S/R. My love affair with fibos/extensions comes when multiple levels match up with those previous S/R levels.

.

I believe that human behavior is at the root of price action. How and why that behavior is shaped could come from a myriad of reasons from technicals, to fundamentals, to order flow, to insider trading, to HFTs, to reasons beyond the scope of our knowledge. For me, if Fibo spirals can exactly model physical nature, then it's my belief that Fibo levels can model traders behavior (to some extent). Anyways, probably beyond the scope of this thread, just rambling on. I suppose there are Fibomaniacs and then there are anti-Fibites, lol.

I'll try to give an example here in a little while when I get a moment.

--- 帖子 #1497 ---
PREVIOUS S/R with FIBONACCI retracement/extension analysis

Sorry if the chart is a little busy with 4 different fibos but I wanted to show the whole picture. If even one trader finds this post useful, then it's worth posting.

NZD/JPY 4H POTENTIAL CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Lets try and break it down. Others may see it differently, and that's a good thing. This is how I see it. Note, the AB=CD is basically about 80.60

THE THOUGHT PROCESS

1) If price actually continues higher on the D leg, then based on previous S/R and the psychological round number theory, 80.00 should be a big hurdle as far as resistance goes. But let's assume for the moment that price does indeed break through that psychological 80 level, now what?

2) The 61.8 FIB retracement level is basically within 10 pips of the AB=CD price. Remember, we are talking about a structure that spans over 400 pips and a retracement that started 4 months ago.

3) The 141.4FIB extension of MH (major high) is within a few pips of AB=CD

4) The 200FIB extension of XA is 13 pips from AB=CD

5) The 361FIB extension of BC is 17 pips from AB=CD

Ok so what, a bunch of meaningless FIB retrace/extension levels just happen to be in the area of AB=CD. well, not so fast lets look a bit deeper.

6) The acceleration zone - looking left you really don't see any previous important S/R in this zone. So, in my opinion, if price does indeed break through the 80 barrier, then there may be one last impulse wave as price gets into the acceleration zone.

Here's the kicker. When you look back to the right from the acceleration zone you see basically nothing in the way of FIB levels. Interesting to say the least considering we are talking about a 50 pip zone. Instead, all of the most recent and most pertinent FIB levels are all piling up right around that AB=CD level. Coincidence?

7) And finally, it is pretty clear where the major supply level is at (major resistance)

So the only question is where to enter into this trade if it so happens that price does penetrate into what I am calling the "acceleration zone".

For me, there is no need to get to cute here. I'm not trying to pick tops/bottoms. I'm trying to pick zones that have a high probably of a price reversal. From the chart, you can see the scale in zone. I will likely use my scaling in script to set up about 10 small positions about 3-4 pips apart. Maybe even 20 smaller positions 2 pips apart.

Sorry if this seemed like an endless rant. Hope it helps someone in some small way. I know it helps me.

Cheers to a great week ahead -Kurt

--- 帖子 #1498 ---
The only two trades I held thru the weekend. Be nice London, daddy needs a new pair of shoes. I think they both highlight the scaling in option that I prefer. We don't need perfection, we only need preparation and patience.

Both doing well with plenty of scaled in positions giving the option to micro manage

EUR/GBP 4H CWW (scary because all the "experts" are bullish on this pair)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

GBP/CAD 4H CWW (shown on hourly for zigzag purposes)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1499 ---
Hi Mich and welcome to the thread.

If you google 'fibonacci forex" or "fibonacci analysis pdf" you'll find pages and pages of info on the subject

--- 帖子 #1500 ---
Hey Kurt,

Thanks for the enlightenment!  I've learnt why they are called Fib ratios and it's still early on a (bank holiday) Monday morning.  May the learning continue through the week ahead.

It's an interesting discussion regarding Fibs and I guess there's no right or wrong answer.  Like you, I believe that human behavior is at the root of price action and will be until we evolve into a different species.  I understand Fib spirals modelling physical nature, but I do not see how Fib spirals model, or have any bearing on, human behavior.  Each to their own and if a trader's beliefs help him/her to trade the market then that has to be a good thing.  Confidence in the market is a necessity and if Fib levels can, somehow, instill confidence in some traders then they have a powerful tool.

Here's to a great week!

Stuart

--- 帖子 #1501 ---
Amen mate.

Trading without confidence is like that dream where your standing on some railroad tracks in your underwear, paralyzed as a speeding train is heading your way.

--- 帖子 #1502 ---
Thank you too expo for your detailed answer!

What do you guys think about this chart formation? This could lead to a good trade or u have an other opinion?
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

All the best, Marc

--- 帖子 #1503 ---
Hi Mich.

I'm not sure what your planning on trading but as of this moment, there's a bearish WW forming. However, if price falls further the structure won't be valid as it will lose it's convergence.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1504 ---
I'm still long on fundamentals here. There is also a bullish WW on the weekly for this pair I but couldn't resist a good 20 pip scalp on this nicely formed bearish WW. In and out for 20 pips. The AB and CD legs were very crisp with decent symmetry. Also, the 161FIB extension is commonly a profit taking zone for bulls, a no brainer trade here.

Like I always say, we aren't trying to predict some major shift in sentiment, or predict where prices will be 5 waves down the road. We're just trying to capitalize on one simple corrective impulse wave. If you can harvest 20-40 pips a day, you'll be financially free in a few years

NZD/CHF 1H CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

And here's the weekly I posted last week
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1505 ---
Oh yeah, i analysed the chart wrong! In order to understand it better, I sketched the two scenarios. Maybe the illustration helps other members too.

Greetings, Marc

--- 帖子 #1506 ---
Maybe anyone can tell me, where i can find the HORIZONTAL WOLFE WAVE's description?

Thanks and good night from germany! :-)

--- 帖子 #1507 ---
The only difference between a classic WW and a horizontal WW is that line XB is horizontal, or very close to it.

Here is an example that I had saved a while ago
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1508 ---
Im looking at this wave. its a little sloppy, not really sure about where the X setup is. ideally it should be at previous low below last swing high.

put a gann line on it and prior support , Well see !!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1509 ---
Forgot to post this one when it was live. Small time frame but couldn't resist such perfect AB=CD symmetry, both time and price. Picked up an easy 30 pips. No need to target steep target lines.

GBP/CHF 5MIN CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1510 ---
Hi Tbuild.

I was away from my PC when you posted this so I couldn't get a really good look at the chart. A couple pf things.

1) Just be aware that there is a bearish WW in play on the daily. Not that you can't trade against that and make some pips. Just always good to know when there's a higher TF WW in play.

2) Also, beauty is in the eye of the beholder, and there isn't a right or wrong way. However, for this setup, I don't like that there is a price print that is lower than point X before point A is printed.

This is the way I would see the wave. No confluence with the Gann fan (not shown) and no confluence with the BC extension, but there's perfect confluence with the larger FIB retracement (the 38.2)

The fact that the AB=CD is a round number, 111, implies that there would likely be some interest beforehand. And there was, right about the 261 extension. Of course this is in hindsight now but I thought I'd post my thoughts anyways.

Good luck
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In case you haven't seen it from my previous post, here is the WW on the daily.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1511 ---
Thanks Kurt for the detailed explanation. i was actually looking at that setup on 1 hr chart you showed , but i didnt think it was valid because of the higher A.

Blue points are mine. But it wasnt the best set up to start with. thanks much for this tread !!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1512 ---
Can anybody explain me, why this trade got lost?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1513 ---
You're welcome TB.

Not sure if you got in the trade but in the end it made it right to the target line. A big bag of pips!
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1514 ---
As I stated last week, I stayed away from any CAD pairs due to the OPEC meetings that took place on May 25th, which is basically right about the time that this structure was completing.

In looking at the trade, the price bounced up over 50 pips from the AB=CD level. So that's what we are looking for. This is exactly why I would have moved my SLs to BE at that point. In addition, I tend to scale in multiple positions, so I would have had the option to bank a little profit as well. So even though price ultimately went back down, you can keep yourself protected by micro managing.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1515 ---
Ok thank you very much for such good information! Expo if you have nothing against it, I'd like to ask you a few personal questions. I have read in this threat, that you are a professional trader and trade approximately 80% of your trades with this strategy. Therefore (and because I have noticed it in my own trades) i think this is a very powerful strategy. How many Pips you catch round about in the month with this strategy? And how long do you practiced to become profitable?

And to all the other users who have been involved with this strategy for a long time: How much pips do you manage per month?

Thanks in advance, Marc

--- 帖子 #1516 ---
Overall, I have been trading for about 10 years. I've dabbled in dozens of systems and blown many small accounts. I basically refused to take responsibility for my losses.

About 15 months ago I started studying Wolfe waves. I spent about 6 months using a demo account to see what worked and what didn't. Learning the structure was the easy part, learning how to apply the theory was the hard part. Not because it's really complicated, but because we each have a personality profile when it comes to trading. In my opinion, the biggest hurdle to overcome in trading is yourself. Mainly your ego, your fears, and your greed. Like many I put my 10,000 hours of study in to be a successful trader, but that means nothing if you can't tame the beast that lies inside all of us.

Anyways, I've been trading mainly WWs for about 9 months now. It's hard to quantify how many pips a month as I tend to scale in from 3-40 positions per trade depending on the time frame and pair. So the number of pips per month isn't really that relevant. What's relevant is consistently initiating high probability trades with sound risk management. I put up a trade explorer 14 days ago for a mini account and it shows nearly +10,000 pips, which doesn't really mean too much considering how many micro positions were scaled in. With my overall account size, I'm happy to harvest 20-50 pips a day. That's more than enough to live comfortably given my monthly financial obligations. As my overall account grows, it will become irrelevant. A few good trades a month can be very lucrative once the account grows to a certain level. For me, it was never about the money, it was always about the freedom. And honestly, I love the competition, the chase, the hunt, the win. I grew up in a hockey family, that's all we ever did. We lived it, we breathed it. Every day was a war on the ice, and only the ones with the commitment and mental fortitude survived. Trading is no different. It's a tough game but I find it rewarding in many ways other than just the financial rewards.

Cheers, -Kurt

--- 帖子 #1517 ---
looks like this is what u r looking for...

CWW is profitable and create EA is a piece of cake...but first,  some problems as following:

1 How to optimize entry area?

*Put limited orders on and just wait for stopped out?

*if CD> 110%AB, we do nothing but wait?

*if CD>120%AB, no emergency exit or some back up plan?

2 Should we leave or partially close at XC line?
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

if u leave at XC line you will miss 1000 pips...

*let the profit run or take the profit? that's a hard decision...

--- 帖子 #1518 ---
A couple of trades that filled up some position when I was out running errands. Original bounce in price gives us micro management options

NZD/USD 4H CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

NZD/CAD 4H CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1519 ---
followed

--- 帖子 #1520 ---
CADCHF m5

--- 帖子 #1521 ---
NZDUSD H1 CWW

--- 帖子 #1522 ---
Armed and ready for battle........

EUR/AUD 15MIN CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1523 ---
Anybody else did this trade? :-(

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1524 ---
Eurusd 15M :
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

And 1H :
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1525 ---
what do the numbers in '20 complete' and '6 complete' mean?.  Do we enter after its completed or before?

--- 帖子 #1526 ---
Please read the previous posts ...

The numbers are ExtDepth of ZigZag indicator.

--- 帖子 #1527 ---
Gbpjpy 15m: Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1528 ---
No I didn't.

The Swissy across the board showed strength today. In addition, oil prices tumbled once again. SO the best WW structure in the world was probably doomed. I'm always a bit concerned when I trade any pairs involving the CAD as the oil market is incredibly speculative and likely manipulated to some extent by the talking heads around the world.

Hopefully you had a reasonable SL in place and just leave it behind and look for another opportunity.

--- 帖子 #1529 ---
Completely blown out on this one. Stopped out for a reasonable loss and on to the next opportunity.

--- 帖子 #1530 ---
Sorry i am totally lost. Very new here. I've read the 1st post but didn't find any information about it. Or perhaps i missed it(although i did read it twice). Could you point me the link to the previous post(about those numbers). Very much appreciated.

Does it also tell about entering before of after completion? Thank you in advance.

--- 帖子 #1531 ---
Thanks for the setup Parviz.

I just got in and was lucky to be able to scale in from 1.1230-1.1245

A lot of bullish momentum to contend with but this seems like a good spot for a little correction

Cheers, -Kurt

--- 帖子 #1532 ---
The only thing that i may suggest you is, to start from the first post and go on, or just read my posts during indicator development , or google the zigzag indicator....,or better even download it , try to change the ExtDepth in the input and see how it detect and draw the high's and low's of the price curve.

No not at all, read the expo posts regarding confluence and how to better scale in ,.... read all carefully , the Wolf wave theory pdf of the first page also is very helpful.

--- 帖子 #1533 ---
Thanks for all of the information you have both provided. I discovered this thread the other day and have been going through it all. I analyzed USDCAD the other day and was looking for Take Profit. You can see in the screenshot it was accurate but I'm wondering if it was a fluke or not. Any insight would be great because I'm new at it, thanks!

--- 帖子 #1534 ---
If you have read the thread , you know that there was a lot of controversies regarding the selection of X point, even in pdf of wolfe himself , but it has been agreed to comply with the expo preference (and of course many others.. ), that, a valid X point is better to be located between B and C points for a valid Classical WW. In your drawing ,X is way below B, and in contradiction to the rule C is above A, indeed you considered the body of the bar to fit the WW, if you take the wicks into account then you see that C is higher than A.

--- 帖子 #1535 ---
You have the structure backwards. This isn't a Wolfe Wave. You're trying to trade this as a bullish WW in which case price would be declining not increasing. Look at the diagram again on post #1

--- 帖子 #1536 ---
Okay thanks to both, I will get back to learning some more. Guess it was a fluke, have a great day.

--- 帖子 #1537 ---
2 lose 1 win....

--- 帖子 #1538 ---
AUDUSD H4 CWW

--- 帖子 #1539 ---
yeah, followed...

--- 帖子 #1540 ---
I noticed that you dont have MM on different TF, u know how important it is...

signals are good!

--- 帖子 #1541 ---
Hi Jonirrencius,

I noticed all you post ur chart didn't include pair & TF

--- 帖子 #1542 ---
I have no idea what you're talking about or who you are talking to? What's MM? Why no time frame or pair on your charts?

With all due respect I've asked you this before. You're posts have little value to all of us if you don't make it clear.

--- 帖子 #1543 ---
sorry i forgot that again...

--- 帖子 #1544 ---
money management, for EX.

case1

You have 5 winners on M15 which gives you +1000 pips and 1 loser on D1 which costs you -1200 pips.

case2

You have 5 losers on M15 which costs you -1000 pips and 1 winner on D1 which gives you +1200 pips.

whatever case happens, it will make your equity curve unstable... there must be a solution and let's work it out~

--- 帖子 #1545 ---
The time frame and number of pips is irrelevant.

If you risk 1% per trade then a losing trade costs you 1% of your account.

Smaller time frame, smaller stop loss, bigger position

Bigger time frame, bigger stop loss, smaller position

Both scenarios will have the same predetermined risk of 1%

--- 帖子 #1546 ---
Probably would need a really bad NFP print to have a chance of getting down to the scale in zone. Some nice confluence down there and an unfilled gap as well.

USD/JPY 4H CWW POTENTIAL SETUP
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1547 ---
Fundamentally I am much more of a Kiwi fan than an Aussie fan but I really like the symmetry of this structure.

AUD/NZD DAILY CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1548 ---
Didn't trade this as I didn't see it beforehand. Probably wouldn't have traded it anyways as it's one ugly looking WW. However, reversal took place 6 pips above AB=CD and price reached the target line nearly to the pip. A cool 70 pips. Opportunities are everywhere for the astute and prepared trader.

EUR/NZD 30MIN CWW - COMPLETED
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1549 ---
I think there's a possibility that price could continue lower down to the second sweet zone. Going to be extra patient here and scale in with tiny positions all the way down to the 88.6FIB
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1550 ---
Would you have originally marked this chart up as I have shown in red?

If I have drawn it correctly, then I guess I'm also asking, can you have consecutive CWW's in the same direction?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1551 ---
Absolutely. Well spotted too!

--- 帖子 #1552 ---
Thanks, - great work on this method.

--- 帖子 #1553 ---
USDJPY H1 CWW

I'm late to open position, but I'm sure it will bull.

Road to reach TP.

--- 帖子 #1554 ---
Break support, hit SL.

--- 帖子 #1555 ---
Hi All,

EURGBP 1H , Heading to D leg. Cheers Rees

--- 帖子 #1556 ---
Here a clear screenshot EURGBP 1H.

--- 帖子 #1557 ---
For me the most difficult on this strategy is to find the right entry! Which exactly criterias do you use expo? :-)

--- 帖子 #1558 ---
Hi sister.

I think we have to look at the bigger picture. Price has just reached the AB=CD completion level so the stop loss needs to be much lower to give the trade a chance to breathe. You shouldn't be getting stopped out at the AB=CD completion level.

I tried to show in the chart. I would have been scaling in at the break of the first support down to the AB=CD level with stops below. Everyone has their own way of doing it but this is how I would be looking at it.

Anyways, seems you are learning the structure well, keep practicing and good luck

Cheers, -Kurt
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1559 ---
Wow, you are fearless warrior woman, lol

--- 帖子 #1560 ---
The indicator picks this one up with "extdepth" setting at 20. I'll keep it on my radar.

Cheers Rees

--- 帖子 #1561 ---
It's been discussed in length as you go through the thread. You'll have to read through from the start. I just don't have time to keep posting the same stuff over and over. Really busy time of year for me. Sorry

--- 帖子 #1562 ---
lol, time to exit not enter for her...

disciplined warrior is much better than fearless one

--- 帖子 #1563 ---
Hi Kurt:

I have just finished adding fib projection to the previous fib values.

I thought it might be useful for those interested , so here it is, as a new version of 9.7....
Attached File(s)   parvizCWW v9.7.1.ex4

78 KB
|
384 downloads

--- 帖子 #1564 ---
Thanks Parviz.

I'm away from home until later but I'll check it out then. I'm note sure exactly what you mean but I'll figure it out when I download it. Also, I have run out of the allowed number of attachments on post #1 so maybe I can reference this post as to where to find it.

--- 帖子 #1565 ---
Looks like her TP hit perfectly netting 40 pips. Well done fearless warrior.

--- 帖子 #1566 ---
Thanks :

You may just replace it with version 9.6, they are exactly the same logically, except some add features of 9.7 and now the fib projection values.

This feature is useful when for example in potential CWW you want to know how much more CD has projected beyond AB=CD.

--- 帖子 #1567 ---
Ok thanks Parviz.

That will work out perfect.

--- 帖子 #1568 ---
Thanks parviz, this is amazing!

pls. leave an email address, i will send you a gift in return for your favor when the project finished.

--- 帖子 #1569 ---
Closed trade, TP done.

Sometimes trading is like a war.

--- 帖子 #1570 ---
sometimes TP is a bad thing...i'm still looking for a solution on that...

--- 帖子 #1571 ---
sometimes market is really disgusting, look at this carefully, and u will go crazy....and say "M.....F....."

It just knows your strategy and play dirty tricks on you....

--- 帖子 #1572 ---
Not a WW no tricks. Same old story, XB and AC do not converge.

--- 帖子 #1573 ---
sorry, wrong drawing. my trade is 100% stick to the rule...

--- 帖子 #1574 ---
actually, this chart will also raise a question...

If new XABCD appears, should we use new XC line as TP?

--- 帖子 #1575 ---
No time frame, no pair, no comment

--- 帖子 #1576 ---
same one as previous， sir...

--- 帖子 #1577 ---
AUDCAD H1 , two Tp's Done 80+ pips & one still running.

Thank you Kurt and Thank you Parviz for your hard work and starting this thread you guys are awesome. God bless you guys .Cheers Rees.

--- 帖子 #1578 ---
NFP trade

--- 帖子 #1579 ---
You're welcome Rees. It's all about your hard work as well.

Well done, enjoy the weekend and God bless you.

--- 帖子 #1580 ---
Let the indicator work for you.

Price bounce right at AB=CD =261FIB.  Take an easy 15 pips or move SL to BE and free roll for more. Either way, get out before NFP

GBP/USD 5MIN CWW

--- 帖子 #1581 ---
Getting long on oil

WTI CRUDE OIL 4H CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1582 ---
Post#1 updated. Also used your words to update the description. Thanks again!

--- 帖子 #1583 ---
XAUUSD DLY WW Chart and Renko Wave Count Chart:

May be signalling the Uptrend ending, and a correction due?

Cheers, U2

[Thank you for the update Parviz.

The Fib. Projections will greatly assist my wave counting]

--- 帖子 #1584 ---
XAUUSD 5M Chart:
Edit: Added XAUUSD 1H WW chart.

This could be the final high [blow off top].

Cheers, U2

--- 帖子 #1585 ---
Hello traders. Looking forward to an exciting week ahead. Should be many good opportunities.

I have been fiddling around with the "zup" harmonic indicator over the weekend and will be adding it to my toolbox. I have seen the "zup" versions in the past but never really used them. For more experienced traders here, this might be of some use.

Basically, I am just adding the indicator to my chart to see if any Wolfe waves correspond with the end point of a larger harmonic structure. (it's inevitable that some will). Another aspect is multi time frame analysis. For instance, the zup shows a bearish gartley on the daily and the there is a WW with the same ending point on a smaller time frame.

Anyways, just thinking and and sharing out loud. I have been fiddling with the settings just for aesthetics and plan on delving more deeply into this indicator. The thread's focus is still on Wolfe waves, just adding another layer to the cake.

I believe member "poruchik" is the resident expert on this indicator. He has added some very useful and relevant posts here already.

Cheers all, green pips going forward, -Kurt

Here's just one example. A bullish bat with basically the same end point as the Wolfe wave. Remember, we are generally talking about price "zones" not an exact price.

I like this version:  Attached File(s)   ZUP_v135_ALL.ex4

247 KB
|
572 downloads

EUR/USD 4H BULLISH BAT AND CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1586 ---
new patterns? looks like  parviz1953 will have tons of work to do...lol

--- 帖子 #1587 ---
This doesn't require anyone to do any more work. The zup indicator stands on its own and is just an addition to the chart.

--- 帖子 #1588 ---
This is a merge of 2 great method...

cadjpyh1

when bearish pattern appears during CWW, we should do sth like partially close,hedging, moving SL etc.

--- 帖子 #1589 ---
Long oil working well
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1590 ---
This harmonic indi...is a reflection of the people's behavier.

Every time the pattern was found and there was someone enter the market.

Now i do believe market is a casino, everything is base on possibility but nothing.

--- 帖子 #1591 ---
Hey Uturn, Could you please update this chart again?

--- 帖子 #1592 ---
Trying something new here. Trading the target line completion of a WW which is the endpoint of a bearish anti butterfly pattern (I know sounds ridiculous doesn't it)

AUD/USD 4H CWW COMPLETION AT BEARISH ANTI BUTTERFLY ENDPOINT
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1593 ---
Hi Kurt:

I was not able to reproduce your finding with zup on AUDUSD 4H, do you use any special settings or it is the default one, and do you have any idea or documents about what these different setting means..??

--- 帖子 #1594 ---
I just got home and also can't reproduce the same chart. I haven't changed the settings, only the color so I really have no idea what's happening. Could be a repainting issue? Don't really know.

If you search the forum here there are a lot of discussions about the many different zup versions but I haven't found any answers and will be away from my desktop until tomorrow.

I'm sure "poruchik" would know the answer. Hopefully he will stop by at some point and enlighten us. In the meantime, I think I may put this addition to the plan on hold.

--- 帖子 #1595 ---
not ridiculous...just a pattern.

--- 帖子 #1596 ---
CWW+HA

Swan pattern found

long at C point TP at D

--- 帖子 #1597 ---
USDCAD H1 CWW

--- 帖子 #1598 ---
CD != AB, why?

--- 帖子 #1599 ---
Now these positions are in a great position where can set my trail stop and leave it be.... with current world tensions GOLD, GBPJPY and USDJPY have been some of the best pairs to be trading in with good solid movements.

Green pips to all!!

--- 帖子 #1600 ---
Sorry to take so long to reply.

If this count is correct, the minimum Wave c iii target would be 1298.96.

It certainly looks impulsive.

XAUUSD 6H Chart.

Cheers, U2

--- 帖子 #1601 ---
Hi all :

Just find a small bug, indicator was not creating button for all the patterns that it found and draw, the problem now fixed.
Attached File(s)   parvizCWW v9.7.2.ex4

78 KB
|
516 downloads

Dear kurt : would you please update the first post.

--- 帖子 #1602 ---
Thanks Parviz.

Away from desktop until morning, will update then

--- 帖子 #1603 ---
CWW+HA combo~ C entry D exit

--- 帖子 #1604 ---
AUDUSD 4H CWW:

Cheers, U2

--- 帖子 #1605 ---
Watching to see if breaks up to enter on move to extension pt.  WW & inverse H & S

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1606 ---
Thanks U2.

Not much screen time for me this week. I'm scaled in now.

AUD/USD 4H CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1607 ---
Interesting. So far that level has been a tough nut to crack.

Good luck!

--- 帖子 #1608 ---
Orders set and waiting...........

EUR/JPY 1H CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1609 ---
Hi Everyone

Kurt.

I really want to thank you for the effort you spend on guiding us how to draw WW.

I really enjoyed reading the discussion on this 80 pages between you and the other members.

Attaching my first trials for CHFJPY 30M, CWW

What do you think ?

--- 帖子 #1610 ---
My Second trial

--- 帖子 #1611 ---
Hello friend.

You're welcome and thanks for posting. It looks like you have a nice valid WW there.

--- 帖子 #1612 ---
update....

--- 帖子 #1613 ---
GBPNZD , 1H. CWW

--- 帖子 #1614 ---
Into the scrap heap it goes. Structure broke down before reaching the scale in zone.

--- 帖子 #1615 ---
The UK election has thrown many pairs out of their natural harmonic rhythm. There are always opportunities but it may be time to remain patient and prudent heading into the weekend.

I'm only holding my AUD/USD short at the moment. 30 pips or so green but really hoping for a break of .7525 area

Safe trading into Friday

--- 帖子 #1616 ---
SELL

--- 帖子 #1617 ---
Could you give your reasoning why it is sell.

The WW was never valid so is there another reason?

--- 帖子 #1618 ---
Winding down another prosperous week. All trades have been closed.

Waiting on this little opportunity

NZD/CHF 30MIN CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Important to note that there's a larger WW in play here. A few weeks ago I posted and traded this bullish CWW on the weekly. Nearly a 300 pip move so not to get too greedy all positions have been closed. Maybe time for a little pullback.

NZD/CHF WEEKLY CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1619 ---
Today trial

USD JPY : 15MIN : CWW

What do you think ?

--- 帖子 #1620 ---
USDCHF : 1H : CWW

--- 帖子 #1621 ---
Waiting to see if it gets down to 161.8 mark

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1622 ---
You are  right , look as a solid area,

- How will you react on this area with your contract if tooks a long time to break ?

--- 帖子 #1623 ---
NZDJPY: 1H : CWW

Is it ready to trade ?

--- 帖子 #1624 ---
CHF JPY: 15MIN :

Is it HWW or CWW ?

--- 帖子 #1625 ---
Hello H4x

Which indicator is used to display the wolf wave waves?

Greeting Ritter3

--- 帖子 #1626 ---
We got 3 out of 5 positions filled up. Closed out all 3 for an average of 30 pips. Although this trade was against 3 very bullish weekly candles, it highlights the power of the simple WW structure.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1627 ---
H4x is drawing the Wolfe waves manually.

Post #1 has member "parviz1953" three different WW indicators with instructions as to how they work.

--- 帖子 #1628 ---
I closed all of my AUD/USD shorts. It's been a very good week and I decided to take the profits from this trade. I don't want to be holding anything over the weekend.

--- 帖子 #1629 ---
Looks like CWW. When line XB is horizontal then you have a HWW.

--- 帖子 #1630 ---
Hello Expo33,

Is this a wave?

Greeting Ritter3

--- 帖子 #1631 ---
Yes, Kurt is right, I am drawing them manually, where I am training my mind to be more familiar with WW.

and I advise you as first step to draw them manually, after that you can use the indicator.

--- 帖子 #1632 ---
this is USDJPY in 4H view

and 15 MIN view

--- 帖子 #1633 ---
hi Ritter

I can not see any WW on daily chart!

but in 4H you can see an old one

you can go on the first post, and you will find a great PDF book " Wolfe-Wave-book (1) (3).pdf "

--- 帖子 #1634 ---
Yes, I already notice that,  it is working even against the main trend and it can show you the reversal point of the trend !

I notice also it is working in 1Min and 5 Min TF with great % of Success!!

But, I want to ask you about the  taking profit point,  are you usually waiting to hit the ETP points? since I notice it is just taking short time to hit 61.8%.

What is your advice here ?

--- 帖子 #1635 ---
Hi Kurt,

I also closed out my AUDUSD short trade.

It looks more like a very shallow correction before higher.

Cheers mate!

--- 帖子 #1636 ---
Agree mate.

Not sure it will necessarily go higher but looks to be well supported down to 7470 in the short term. FED rate decision next week, just seemed prudent to bank the pips and sit on the sidelines for now. Still, a higher probability trade with low stress and decent results.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1637 ---
Refer to the diagram on post #1.

For a bullish WW, after point X and A are established, you are looking for B as a lower low, then C as a lower high, then D as another lower low that breaks the trend line formed by XB.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1638 ---
Certainly a valid structure.  Just beware of smaller time frames going into Friday as liquidity dries up.

--- 帖子 #1639 ---
Well said.

If you can't ride a bike then you probably shouldn't be buying a motorcycle.

--- 帖子 #1640 ---
A couple of points.

1) I don't think this is a major reversal for NZD/CHF which is basically irrelevant anyways. I'm only looking for a short term price correction based on WW theory. In this case, based on the time frame and the actual structure, price may correct 30-50 pips.

2) I don't set my TPs at the actual "target line" or try to correlate a TP with the "estimated time of arrival". I'm generally very conservative with my TPs, taking profits (or at least partial profits) before the actual target line. As was the case with my last NZD/CHF trade. No need to get greedy, especially heading into Friday. The ETA price was about 15-20 pips lower but I like to get out a bit early and stay away from the herd mentality. We don't need home run trades. They're nice but not really needed. With a 10k account, making 30 pips a day, trading only 1 lot per 10k of capital, and you'll be financially free in one year.

--- 帖子 #1641 ---
Thanks a lot for the valuable clarification and advice,

and that's  will be my plan

--- 帖子 #1642 ---
If this one is worth watching, the A/J is similar.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1643 ---
Well, they're ALL worth watching, but is it worth trading?

Price goes where it wants to go, so the question is why might price reverse or correct other than just the simple fact that it has reached the WW sweet zone?

Is there FIB confluence? Is there previous S/R? Bollinger band breaks? Pertinent Gann fan level? Divergence? Risk off sentiment? GDT results due out soon? Is there anything other than price entering the sweet zone that can potentially make this trade have a higher probability of success?

Every trader has a different perspective and a different set of tools. It's our job as traders to utilize our personal toolbox coupled with our unique perspective to give us the "edge" needed to be successful in this business.

--- 帖子 #1644 ---
Hello Wolfe wavers. I hope everyone had a nice weekend. Back to business now. No open WW trades at the moment but lots of potential set ups on higher time frames for the week.

A couple of smaller time frame set ups to get the competitive juices flowing for the week

NZD/JPY 15MIN CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

AUD/CHF 15MIN CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1645 ---
AUD/CHF into the scrap heap, structure is to messy now

--- 帖子 #1646 ---
HA+CWW combo

--- 帖子 #1647 ---
Wolfe wave invalid when price breaks below point C

--- 帖子 #1648 ---
Hello,

Yes it was. I think the combo has different rules for entry. usually, the sweet zone is around C...anyway. it's just a test.

I have checked some trades from your strategy, it is really nice but i don't know when to scrap, when to trade normally.

Are there any specific rules for trading styles?

Thanks!

combo again~

--- 帖子 #1649 ---
missed...

--- 帖子 #1650 ---
missed again lol..

i feel sleepy...too tired to trade...

--- 帖子 #1651 ---
Here is a good example.

THE FIRST WW: Leg CD has uniform price action down to the sweet zone D. As a result, there is very nice symmetry and would be a wave I would like to trade.

THE SECOND WW: Leg CD has sideways price action. Price has not dropped below point C so technically this is still a valid WW. However, the wave structure is indecisive and any subsequent move to point D will exhibit very poor wave symmetry. As such, this set up would go into the scrap heap.

Hope this example helps

GPY/JPY 15MIN CWW EXAMPLES
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1652 ---
Hi all,

Normally how you guys pick up a CWW? seach each pairs in different time frame 1 by 1?

--- 帖子 #1653 ---
Thanks Master!

if CD is not clear and we will go scrap mode.

--- 帖子 #1654 ---
When I first started studying WWs, that's exactly what I would do. Now, there's a group of indicator's developed by member "parviz 1953" that automatically search and detect CWWs. The different versions and instructions can be found on post #1

However, there are no short cuts to being proficient at trading CWWs. Learning to spot and map out WWs manually is a necessary exercise if you want to truly be immersed in WW theory. I advise you to start at post #1 and read through the entire thread. There have been some excellent improvements made along the way and some very thoughtful and pertinent posts made by some very good traders.

Good luck!

-Kurt

--- 帖子 #1655 ---
Going against a lot of short term momentum here. Wave is overextended. Price is trying to break through the 88.6FIB for a full retracement of the bigger move. This trade will be on s short lease, a 12 pip stop loss

NZD/JPY 30MIN CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1656 ---
Stopped out for a small loss. On to the next opportunity............

--- 帖子 #1657 ---
AUD/JPY 30MIN CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1658 ---
It took 4 weeks but it made over 300 pips

NZD/CHF WEEKLY CWW - COMPLETED
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1659 ---
Hi, Expo, why your indicator is on left side, but what I downloaded is on right side? Besides that, we only focus on what is potential which shows by the indicator?

--- 帖子 #1660 ---
Hi Eddy.

Go to the inputs and change these two numbers to 10 and 50. That will put the indicator in the upper left.
Attached Image

--- 帖子 #1661 ---
Patience is a virtue. Could this finally be the correction in the Euro

Daily bearish divergence and a CWW with beautiful symmetry

EUR/USD DAILY CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1662 ---
HI Expo33

maybe yes.

1.13 looks strong to break... BUT 1.1150 look the same
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1663 ---
Agree.

Day traders likely trying to grab some pips on a retracement back to 112.25 area. I still believe the bigger players will be looking to build short positions going forward. For me, the immediate risk is to the down side.

Cheers and good luck

--- 帖子 #1664 ---
Happy fathers day traders. I'm going on vacation Tuesday so will be away from the charts for a week. Hope everyone had a nice weekend.

Thought I'd post a couple of WW's using renko

EUR/USD RENKO CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1665 ---
WTI CRUDE OIL RENKO CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1666 ---
AUD/CHF 1H CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1667 ---
Picked up a nice and easy 30 pips here. Don't need to get too greedy.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1668 ---
Hey Expo, nice Renko indicator, I have one, but it doesn't work. could you please share us your Renko, it is easy to read waves through it.  thanks in advance.

--- 帖子 #1669 ---
Hi friend.

Sorry, I just noticed your post. I'm always looking for any Renko indicators that are better but this is the one I'm using right now.
Attached File(s)   !   MTH Renko Chart Builder Indi Ver 01 (1).ex4

13 KB
|
379 downloads

You can adjust the brick size as well as the "shift percentage" to smooth it out to your liking. This is the setting I am using at the moment.
Attached Image

Cheers and best trading to you.

--- 帖子 #1670 ---
Sometime trades just work out perfectly
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1671 ---
Friend! Thank you so much for the indicator. you always us it for 2M or maybe higher TF? cause when I changed the TF to 1H, it seems it stacked and take longer time to get processed.

Wish Green pips

--- 帖子 #1672 ---
You're welcome. I always use the 2 minutes TF.

I just made an offline 15 minute chart just to see if the Renko chart looked the same, and it did. You just have to make sure the indicator is set at 15 minute renko TF.

--- 帖子 #1673 ---
Get 2 CWW on 20/6/17, please help to see whether ok?

Update, USDJPY triggered grab 28 pips, i move down my TP to fibo 61.8, I think not to greedy and will follow this principle in future,

EURGBP trade set too high and did not trigger

--- 帖子 #1674 ---
Potential buy opportunity on GBPJPY! ?

--- 帖子 #1675 ---
Hey Pipmaster,

I haven't been paying too much attention recently as I've had an intense piece of work to do (UK A level chemistry marking) but I posted a couple of weeks ago (maybe) about a potentially good Higher time frame set up on this instrument.  I haven't checked out your H1 set up, but if it all ties up then there's more confluence there.

Cheers and good luck,

Stuart

--- 帖子 #1676 ---
Certainly valid structures. It's up to you whether or not to trade them.

--- 帖子 #1677 ---
Hey traders.

I'll be getting on a plane tonight, heading to back to the east coast for a family reunion and a week long vacation. Thread has been fizzling out a bit. Hope to re energize when I get back.

Will be monitoring my trades from my phone and checking up on the thread but won't be really getting much screen time for the charts.

Cheers, -Kurt

--- 帖子 #1678 ---
Thanks Expo, btw, higher TF I need to look at higher depth right? So that, it will shows potential CWW

--- 帖子 #1679 ---
You're welcome Eddy.

Finding the WWs is the same on all TFs. The "extdepth" setting is just used to make the zig zag fit the wave. A lot of times I can see the WW with the naked eye but the indicator isn't picking it up on certain settings. So I try different TFs and different extdepth settings to try and find the combination that will show the wave with the zig zag. Sometimes it may not be possible. No problem, I just draw them manually.

Greens pips. Boarding a plane in a few hours for vacation

Cheers, -Kurt

--- 帖子 #1680 ---
Thanks for your advise, Expo. Safe trip and have a nice vacation. =D

--- 帖子 #1681 ---
Hi Kurt; Have a nice trip and good time with your Family. cheers Rees

--- 帖子 #1682 ---
Thx gents.

--- 帖子 #1683 ---
im in 2 long positions from 140.65 and 1.3990... in case price goes lower i am happy to buy more all the way down to 137 with 75 pip gaps if we get there.... if we break 1.3650 then ill reverse the trades.

My current view is that we see a double top so price reaching 148, thereafter?? possible slight rejection and then higher to 155/160 levels... will reevaluate the situation once there. Would be nice to see price reach and break 142 and 142.60 and ill gain more confidence in adding on any dips thereafter..... There is no news during the day to push GBP higher, except for MPC Member Forbes Speaks @ 7pm time.           Since yesterdays Queens speech allegedly triggered the upmove i see price moving higher slowly throughout the day and then rallying another 100 pip+ during that speech  hehe

Overall i feel there is one more leg higher for this pair to go....... if i could date it, i'd say mid/end of July we form a fresh high and come September this pair becomes a sell. August is a month i try and stay out of the markets... HOLIDAY TIME!

--- 帖子 #1684 ---
If the trend have out from the blue triangle like what I circuit in the photo. Will it consider not a good symmetric and not trade even if the price will drop to sweet zone?

--- 帖子 #1685 ---
photogenic aussie H1

--- 帖子 #1686 ---
Hi Fantom, great chart could you share your indicator that enables you to switch pairs.  It would be really useful, Thank you.

--- 帖子 #1687 ---
Maybe UsdCad also a chance to be drawn with Wolfes Wave

--- 帖子 #1688 ---
Price staying above 140.50 is a good sign so far, i would like to see a touch of 142+ and then a push towards 143 in coming days, then i see clear path to reach and hold at 145.... ever getting closer to that potential double top at 148... i have not added as yet to my 2 long positions, but if we reach 142+ see a pullback and then push higher i will add on the 142 level (2nd attempt)....

If all goes against me i have already moved my stops that allow my trades to breathe but also guarantee me a small profit.

Happy Trading week to all

--- 帖子 #1689 ---
Duly added to my positions at 142, as i am writing this the pair has just popped +20pips, big week for GBP and tomorrow probably being the biggest... if any hint of good news from Carney then this will fly! I also think the deal with DUP and coming queens speech will all be GBP positive, im hopefull but charts starting to look bullish and retest of 142.80 now seems quite likely.

HAppy trading and Green pips to all!

--- 帖子 #1690 ---
Price is nicely above 143 level and price looking very bullish an wanting to test 144+ where we might see a retrace, if not then 144.70/145 will be next target.

For my next entry into this pair i dont want to buy in anymore if price gets above 145, so i am hoping after a touch of the levels ive mentioned we get a slight retrace then i will add more around the 143+ levels, but i will NOT add more now.

I now have ALL my 3 positions with SL levels in a profitable zone so now am trading risk free on all 3 trades.

Hope some of you caught this too!

--- 帖子 #1691 ---
Hello Expo33, Parviz, PipsMaster23, and all others that share their knowledge and wisdom :-)

I am a newbie and is "playing" with playmoney. As such i am very thankful that you all share your findigs with the rest of us that isn't that experienced but really want to learn how it works, and hopefully will be ready to stand on our own two feet someday. Thank you for your patience with "stupid" questions, you are able to answer them in a way so that the rest of us can understand, once again thank you very much for your efforts.

Keep up the good work folks

Best regards /Greger

--- 帖子 #1692 ---
So 144+ (144.21at my brokerage) and now we are in a profit taking or retrace whatever you want to call it, a pullback to 143.50/30 zone would be ideal to load 1 more long position for me and target next area of 145.10.... and hopefully see price just range their before another push up towards that 148...

So far these trades are doing what has been expected, but always expect the unexpected hehe...

--- 帖子 #1693 ---
Welcome Guran,

All the best for you... best is EXPO33 when it comes to WW waves, this is his forum and he is better equipped in explaining it all... i use WW Waves only as additional confirmation when needed for my own methods of trading... i am a swing trader and i build positions into my trades hoping to catch that BIG move based on Time Cycles.

EXPO33 is on holidays now but will be back soon... im sure he will be happy to assist you.... try reading through the all the posts start from page 1 to current... it will give you better understanding to what approach is being used.

Happy Green pips!!

--- 帖子 #1694 ---
He wont be happy cause the market moved against him during the holiday...

ok. now i'm back to the point!

Simple limited orders is very risky,  you will end up like this...

I'm switch back to my filter mode now!

--- 帖子 #1695 ---
So price nicely retraced to 143.26 (my broker price) i managed to get in with a pending order at 143.35, this is my 4th position long into this pair and i will not be adding anymore to it and hopefully can see this reach 148 where i will look to take out partial profits and reevaluate the situation.

So far going well! All positions are protected and no matter what happens now i am in risk free trades and in profit. Just need the market to push higher and higher!!

--- 帖子 #1696 ---
EU D1

--- 帖子 #1697 ---
beautiful boost in price action as i write this we are now at 145.30, my target for extra certainty of this move to 148 level was a touch and break of 145.10 and stay above this level....  i will now just move all my stops to 143.35... come on 148!!!

Hope you guys caught this

--- 帖子 #1698 ---
check my post on EURUSD, USDJPY but also the short call on GBPJPY before its current rise again: https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...99#post9882399

if any dips occur on EURUSD towards 1.1260 but no lower than 1.11, should still be considered a buy, i can see this going to 1.1570+ and even possibly 1.17 before a significant retracement only for it to go one more leg higher towards 1.20+ by German Elections and then fly some more

I also GBPUSD stronger heading to 1.32+ and of course GBPJPY 148 very soon

--- 帖子 #1699 ---
CWW EA finished...

Anyone who has contribution to the thread will get a free copy of the EA....

Anyone who has no contribution but answer my question below, will get a free copy also.

Question:

How to get the previous monthly High/low/close value in EA (not in indicator)

MonthHigh  = iHigh(Symbol(),PERIOD_MN1,????????????);

MonthLow   = iLow(Symbol(),PERIOD_MN1,????????????);

MonthClose = iClose(Symbol(),PERIOD_MN1,???????????);

--- 帖子 #1700 ---
Come back Kurt! I have a gift for you and Praviz!

After you left, i added 10 functions to my final version of CWW

New Features are:

1 Precise entry to catch turning point

*use 3 indicators as filter

*use naked candle as well

*use MA as old man does

2 Emergency Exit function

*Fibo as filter

*3 different way to save losing orders

*Have Hard SL

3 Super profit keeping function

*3 indicators to move SL

*Harmonic pattern as 2nd filter

*XC as 1st filter

4 Avoid disaster candle function

*super candle against your trade

5 Time Stop function

*when CD take too much time trade will be cancel

and more...i cant tell

--- 帖子 #1701 ---
Hello Jonirrenicus!

Is it possible for other people like myself to try your EA ?

Best regards

Greger

--- 帖子 #1702 ---
Hello all, back from vacation!!

Have lots to catch up on but wanted to post this set up. Lately it has been risk on. Also Oil has been surging bringing CAD/JPY into the zone on the daily. Looks like oil may have a little room in the short term to go higher but for me 86.60-86.90 looks like s good spot to get short. Not a trade recommendation, just me thinking out loud

CAD/JPY DAILY CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Similar set up on AUD/JPY DAILY as well
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1703 ---
Sell entry waiting at .7692

AUD/USD 30MIN CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1704 ---
Hi,

I want a copy of the EA to try.

Regards

--- 帖子 #1705 ---
Hi,

How about your holiday...?

I have a big gift for you, can u leave your email address?

A life time free CWW robot~

3 month i have put all my heart into this thing...

Current functions:

1 Precise entry to catch turning point

*use 3 indicators as filter

*use naked candle as well

*use MA as old man does

2 Emergency Exit function

*Fibo as filter

*3 different way to save losing orders

*Have Hard SL

3 Super profit keeping function

*3 indicators to move SL

*Harmonic pattern as 2nd filter

*XC as 1st filter

4 Avoid disaster candle function

*super candle against your trade

5 Time Stop function

*when CD take too much time trade will be cancel

6 Automatic fibo recognize

*You just draw one fibo, then leave everything else to ea.

7 MM

*Rush into a big position will never happen

8 Super care for big winners

*do you love snow ball? let it run bigger...

9 Disconnected protection

*when u re-establish connection with broker, EA will remain previous setting by checking GlobalVariables

10 Manually XC Setting

*define XABCD by yourself, instead of relying on indi. you know, sometimes indi need interference.

11 New XAB Trading

*well-structured XABCD not happens every day but Catch XAB is much easier. (need your feedback)

--- 帖子 #1706 ---
Can some one please confirm Is it right setup.

It looks like old one are not getting deleted.

And also am not able to find refresh button. Please help

Please explain the rules where to enter/exit

--- 帖子 #1707 ---
ger30 renko .speedy wolfe wave in 10 minutes.creamy if you catch

--- 帖子 #1708 ---
You need to learn WW then post your trades....after 200 posts you will get it...

In this process, you will definitlely find sth useful and this is your contribution to the thread.

--- 帖子 #1709 ---
CWW

--- 帖子 #1710 ---
Hi mate

the answer is simple :

// put in extern variables section//

extern string CurrencyName = "EURUSD"; //or any pair you want//
extern int TimeFrame = 43200;

// placed somewhere within your code//
double PreviousClose = iClose (NULL, TimeFrame, 1);

MonthHigh = iHigh(Symbol(),PERIOD_MN1,43200,1);

MonthLow = iLow(Symbol(),PERIOD_MN1,43200,1);

MonthClose = iClose(Symbol(),PERIOD_MN1,43200,1);

or
double PreviousHigh = iHigh (CurrencyName, TimeFrame, 0);
double PreviousLow = iLow (CurrencyName, TimeFrame, 0);
double PreviousClose = iClose (CurrencyName, TimeFrame, 0);

cheers

Alex

--- 帖子 #1711 ---
You are right, it is your job and you decide if you share it, as you share it and to whom, however you do not have to act with pride and prejudice, I have more than two years operating wolfe waves, original theory, modified theories and CWW, and not I have stopped learning a single day.

The secret of wolfe waves in theory that you like, is always the management of positions, you think you know well, but if you really had half the experience that I have, you would have known that it is not necessary take all the waves that appear, I take 3-5 regularly for a week, and experts take 2-3 a week. I only ask you to pay more attention to your words, you are asking that to be a candidate to offer feedback, we need 200 trades published, that could take up to 1.5 years, and that amount is at least like a single person publishes 10% of the posts which now exist. Finally if you review the extraordinary work of Parviz, you should have noticed that the quality of his work, it was only possible to achieve it in such a short time, thanks to all of us here, little or a lot of feedback is the most valuable you will be able to get here, and if you want to believe me ask Parviz.

Regards
Max

--- 帖子 #1712 ---
All stops on GBPJPY are now at 144.65, target still remains 148 for any partial profit taking or otherwise i let the trades hit my stop.

GBPUSD targeting 1.32 -  have a position from 1.2910 which is now a risk free trade , having put a trail stop of 55pips just now

EURUSD seems to be getting comfortable above 1.1375 (now at 1.1412) providing the level holds this can go to 1.16 by the the time of NFP next week.

its been a good week, hope you all made GREEN pips!

Have a great weekend

--- 帖子 #1713 ---
Hi :

1)I am not sure what is your Question here. The third argument in the iHigh() function is the shift , it means Bar No. for which you want the function to return, its value, to you.

The last bar is zero the previous one is 1. So for previous month high ,the shift is 1 and MonthHigh = iHigh(Symbol(),PERIOD_MN1,1), and for two month ago it is iHigh(Symbol(),PERIOD_MN1,2).

2) if you need a function to return the number of minute of a time frame ,whatever notation that you send to it as a string argument ....

this little function may help:

int StringToTimeFrame(string tfs)

{

int tf=0;

if(tfs=="M1" || tfs=="1" ||tfs=="m1") tf=PERIOD_M1;

if(tfs=="M5" || tfs=="5" ||tfs=="m5") tf=PERIOD_M5;

if(tfs=="M15"|| tfs=="15" ||tfs=="m15") tf=PERIOD_M15;

if(tfs=="M30"|| tfs=="30" ||tfs=="m30") tf=PERIOD_M30;

if(tfs=="H1" || tfs=="60" ||tfs=="h1") tf=PERIOD_H1;

if(tfs=="H4" || tfs=="240" ||tfs=="h4") tf=PERIOD_H4;

if(tfs=="D1" || tfs=="1440" ||tfs=="d1") tf=PERIOD_D1;

if(tfs=="W1" || tfs=="10080" ||tfs=="w1") tf=PERIOD_W1;

if(tfs=="MN" || tfs=="43200" ||tfs=="mn") tf=PERIOD_MN1;

if(tf==0) tf=Period();

return(tf);

}

I hope this would help you.

sincerely parviz

--- 帖子 #1714 ---
Well said mate.

--- 帖子 #1715 ---
NZD USD 4H.

--- 帖子 #1716 ---
I have fixed this problem, when in backtest (Symbol(),PERIOD_MN1,43200,1) will not work due to the backtest wont use data which is too old.

So in real trading...no problems at all.

Anyway, pls. leave an email address and your ACC.NO. then you will receive a lifetime free copy including future updates very soon.

I also want to invite you to CWW discussion, if you have time pls. post your trades here... thanks!

--- 帖子 #1717 ---
Sorry, I just know you have rich exp. in WW.

pls. leave an email address and ACC.NO and i will it send out in 2 days.

I have to make sure that EA is 100% bug free.

--- 帖子 #1718 ---
Hi,

Thanks again my friend!

pls. leave your ACC. NO, life time free EA is on the way...

--- 帖子 #1719 ---
Here is a brief introduction for EA:

1 XABCD Style

Once a CWW was found by Praviz's indi...We will draw a Fibo Extension on XA or BC( if BC is too short we use XA, if both are too short we use previous ZZ swing)

After you finished drawing, put EA into the chart and choose an Area you want to trade NEAR D Point.

In this case I choose 176.4-223.6, that means trade 2 lvls on 176.4 & 223.6...

EA will automatically find entry point and Draw XC line then set a time to stop.

So users only need to choose trading areas...EA will finish everything else for you.

--- 帖子 #1720 ---
Hello traders. Sorry, been super busy lately.

As suspected WTI OIL has surged all the way up to $47. The Yen has been fairly week across the board today and has brought CAD/JPY right into an important supply zone at about 87.23. This is about 40 pips past AB=CD completion. Not a huge amount considering the daily time frame. For me a good spot to get short.

CAD/JPY DAILY CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1721 ---
EA done!

Activated ACC.NO as following:

309416

8063159

EA is completely no restriction...and i will keep you updated in the future.

I just want you do one thing, post your results here and together we make it better!

--- 帖子 #1722 ---
User Guide,

Attached Image

Version, TF , pair

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Red circles are necessary setting:

1 directions- buy or sell

2 Area - near D point

3 TDI must break H/L in CD wave, that means TDI Green line must break TDI High line in Wave CD for Sell, buy vice versa.

（if u see TDI has already break the H/L line, set to false. otherwise set to ture）

4 AUTO Fibo Trading Area (set to false and you have to manually set entry start and stop point)

4.1 If you leave stop point as blank EA will only trade once and a stop loss line will appear and you have to move it manually.

4.2 If Set 2 entries, stop loss is automatic.

5 Zigzag match with praviz's indi, XC line should be matched, if not EA will not work properly.

APB&TDI indi must go with this EA.

Template attached as well.

--- 帖子 #1723 ---
Hello Jonirrenicus
Thanks for sharing the fruits of your great work.

Best regards Greger

--- 帖子 #1724 ---
Thanks if you want to try it, pls. send me your ACC NO.(demo or real whatever).This EA is life time free...

Why i use Acc. lock?

Most people read post#1 then skip to last page, they get what they want and leave...

I need you keep up with this method and improve it,  sooner or later you will see how profitable the CWW is...

trade 1 - Profit protection function worked
Attached Image

trade 2
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

cut the loss short & let the profit run!

--- 帖子 #1725 ---
missing trade:

--- 帖子 #1726 ---
Add ACC. NO.

70359482

my humble request:  Pls. help me to improve this strategy, thanks!

--- 帖子 #1727 ---
You can add divergence or hidden divergence to this strategy. But it's too many indies already. I am not sure that the EA is going to work well

Probably, it is better to create a new EA: WW+Hidden Divergence

--- 帖子 #1728 ---
i can do it, but....

TDI Divergence indi is not working properly, and none Divergence indi of any types can replace human judgement...

In other word, all divergence indi is not reliable.

--- 帖子 #1729 ---
Strategy discussion:

I found CD Time out function need a fix...

The most successful CWW are like this...
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image

Those unsuccessful cases are like this...
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I also made a mistake here, Entry#1 is too far away from D...how careless I am...lol

Currently i give CD 2 times than XAB, any suggestions are very welcomed!

--- 帖子 #1730 ---
i'm using a very stupid way to find the Time out point.

It is B point + XAB time + Weekend time = time out point

I want to re-program the time out function, but i did not have the code for counting bars like the praviz's indi...

Could Anyone create a bar counting code for me?

For EX.

XAB = 30 bars and EA will stop trade if 30 bars passed after B Point.

--- 帖子 #1731 ---
Hi:

As i said the current bar is always the zero bar , and we can't use negative bar number for future bar eg.: Time[-30 ]; return error.

So you should calculate it indirectly like this for example:

future_bar_time=Time[0]+30*Period()*60;

this will give you time for the 30th bar after the current bar in seconds passed since 00:00 a.m. 1st of January 1970.

(Time[Bar No.] ,is a Series array that contains open time of each bar of the current chart.)

--- 帖子 #1732 ---
Hi there. Great job mate but are you not starting to over complicate things a bit?

--- 帖子 #1733 ---
Hi Parviz my dear friend,

I have successfully merged your indi with my EA.

Now it is 95% Automatic!!!

Step 1- find a CWW
Attached Image

Step 2-Click XA or BC as fibo ext
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

step 3-drag EA to the chart set direction and choose a fibo lvl near D point
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

step-4 Everything is done
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

pls. leave your ACC.NO (could be many) and a special life time free version of the EA will be sent to you in no time.

I also have sth not sure and need your suggestion:

Which fibo extension should be used? XA or BC, any rules for that?

What do u think about CD expire function? currently it is D+5 candles.

--- 帖子 #1734 ---
New Trading style XAB:

--- 帖子 #1735 ---
close the wrong trades by simply click....BE
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image

if you dont like CWW trading, switch reverse trading to yes.

then you ride with trend...

--- 帖子 #1736 ---
How can you change the opening lot size amount from 0.01 to 1 lot?

--- 帖子 #1737 ---
Hummm...do you mean how can i manager size between micro and standard ACC.?

Of course, EA will trade 100 times bigger in micro than that in standard.

But...some brokers use strange symbols such as "Gold" "Goldmicro" "Gold." instead of "XAUUSD" "XAUUSD." etc...EA can not recognize it.

--- 帖子 #1738 ---
Hello jonirrenicus

This is my first trade with your EA, exciting :-)

Once again, thanks.

Best regards /Greger

--- 帖子 #1739 ---
Thanks！

my purpose is to consolidate everybody's trade...We use same method and the result must be the same :-)

Cheers!

I have some bug fixed in Version 13, i will post it later.

In this case Entry#1 was bypassed, so EA will adjust it's strategy to trade only one fibo lvls.

Whatever, EA is good at catching the turning point and avoiding the falling knife.

--- 帖子 #1740 ---
this one is quite easy to catch...

--- 帖子 #1741 ---
Actually no, i meant instead of positions opening with 0.01 (which they do now) how can i adjust this so that it opens 0.1 or 1.00 lots?

--- 帖子 #1742 ---
I have decided to take partial profits from my positions in GBPJPY, SL i have moved up now to 145.80 , still holding about 35% of my positions.

GBPUSD hit my trail stop

EURUSD - im flat no position

NFP was a mixed bag of information... im a little concerned about the whole N.Korea saga, hence i decided to close out the GBPJPY trades partially.... for now i think i need to let the market take its breather and decide what it wants to do next before i start building a new position.

Happy with the profits and trades made...

Green pips to all!

--- 帖子 #1743 ---
Thank you sir, for sharing your valuable information , but would you please also share your trading rules and MM strategy, how and when do you select to trade a pair , how do you engage , on what basis you determine your SL and TP , when do you break even , when you trail stop a trade , how do you determine the target of the traded pair ....

To cut the long short would you please teach us fishing , and not giving us the fish

I really admire your style of trading and i am eager to learn it from you.

sincerely parviz

--- 帖子 #1744 ---
like this...

--- 帖子 #1745 ---
Hi Parviz,

I suspect Pipmaster is much like myself in that he trades price action from reading charts competently and taking discretionary trades (Pipmaster please correct me if I am wrong).  I have received the message loud and clear that this is probably not the correct 'place' / thread to promote those methods.  In any case, it is not something one can teach to a community easily.  Discretionary PA trading is an art / skill that is acquired over a very very long time and I would imagine that most (not all) people that follow this thread should not be advised to start trading in this way.  In order to do it successfully and consistently one has to understand risk, reward AND probability of a successful trade outcome.  Everyone can set a stop and a profit target (risk and reward) but relatively few traders understand the probability aspect ( ie the critical variable that determines whether they will have a mathematical edge or not) unless they either have a strategy where they have taken hundreds of trades and generated statistics or understand how to read charts.

Just an opinion.  I should point out that the GBPJPY move has been outlined from a Wolfe Wave perspective by both myself and (I think) Expo if you want to look at previous posts.

Cheers

Stuart

--- 帖子 #1746 ---
Thank you very much sir for your response :

But the thing is that , I am not a successful trader as i have stated before ,trying variety of strategies and MM rules ,and let me tell you i am not lazy in reading and learning , since i was university professor for more than 28 years, apparently no body, here in trading ,(in contrast to what i have learned , and thought to do in an academic environment )is willing to disclose his success story and strategy , even if you can not say it in this thread , why don't you start a new one and teach us what you know , or show me the way that i can trade like you , let say within 10 years from now.

I recall most of the time what our great poet KHIAM has said : "Nobody know what is there in the next life , and when one get informed ,may not inform others".

The other thing is that ,after trading for nearly three years ,sometimes i really suspect that nobody is earning real money trading forex ,except ,banks , large companies ,peoples who write books about it ,or those who set teaching courses and webinars .....

--- 帖子 #1747 ---
Hi Parviz,

Thank you for your reply buddy.  Look, I am not a professor (I am a doctor (PhD) though!) and I am not an expert trader - yet.   I  aspire to be one and as well as carving out my own 'strategy' I also like to take discretionary trades based on reading charts.  I am sorry but I cannot teach you to do this.  I have attended many webinars, courses etc but I find very little useful information  for how I want to trade.  That is not to say that all the information I am exposed to is useless, but I will say that I cannot use most of it because of how I view the market.  I will also say that if you find a strategy that you can relate to and that works for you then grab it with both hands and do everything you can to make it work for you.  If you really want to learn how to read charts and trade 'properly' then start with Al Brookes.  He's brilliant.  His books are hard to read at first but by the third time you read them they're ok!  His video course is excellent too.  His methods are hard to implement from a psychological perspective and that is the main thing that holds most traders back whatever system or strategy they trade.  If you want suggestions of texts to read I can provide that, but other than that it's just market exposure.  I tend to print out 15, 5 and 2 min FTSE charts for every day and keep them for future reference.  There's no easy ride!

All the best

Stuart

--- 帖子 #1748 ---
Thank you so much Stuart:

I did not intend to address your comment specifically ,or be rude to anybody,i was just muttering with myself out loud.

i really appreciate what you have done and taking your time to respond.

keep up with your great spirit.

yours parviz

--- 帖子 #1749 ---
Reading Chart is a hard job, you have manually do a lot of things :

Trend line, Box, fibonacci, PA breakout or false break....read NEWs and judge good or bad....

After you learned that, another 5 years has been pasted... but still no guarantee on success.

Finally you found that trading is not suit to everyone, only the talented people (lighting reflex or smart like Einstein）can make profit, the rest all become losers....

I have no talent and i dont want to end up like this so I find my self an option.

"Trade on specific patterns" " make every trade as same one" “Trading ========== gambling"

--- 帖子 #1750 ---
Trading is not supposed to be easy!  If it were easy then anyone with 'no talent' would be able to make money.  However, you are trying to take money from other smart traders (or computers) so you have to be, on average, smarter than them. That does not mean 'cleverer'.  There are many people out there who have brains the size of Jupiter who would not make good traders.  Nothing is certain and people do not like dealing with uncertainty.  This is why it is important to have an understanding of probability because trading is about consistently executing your positive expectancy plan in order to come out on top in the long term.  Any one particular trade is of no consequence, whether it be a winner or loser.  Each trade is just part of the plan and it is necessary to have losers in order to be able to have the (bigger) winners etc etc.   Anyone who has the right psychology, or can train themselves to have the right psychology can become a good trader. I'm still working on that part truth be told! If you want to make a living in any profession, you have to train and get good at whatever it is that you decide to do. One does not become an excellent accountant, lecturer, scientist, store-owner / business person overnight.  It takes time, effort and hard work and anyone who does not realise this and is not willing to put in the hard work deserves to lose.  It doesn't matter if you are trading an actual system/strategy like Wolfe Waves or if you are trading by purely reading the price action.  What you need is understanding.

Re: News - I pay absolutely no attention to news because I don't understand how to trade it and even if I did, the computers trading the news are far quicker than I could ever be.  Let the news happen, observe what the market is telling you and trade accordingly.

Re: Fibonacci - I have been through this before

Breakout / false break - all to do with reading the price action.  It IS hard, but you can increase your probability by letting the breakout succeed or fail.  If it succeeds, there will usually be a breakout pullback trade  where you can get in - usually at a worse price because you have gained probability so it must be paid for in risk.

etc

SO in short: Trading is gambling if you do not have a plan and do not understand what the chart in front of you is saying- agreed.  But, put the work, time, sweat, blood, tears into it and come up with a positive expectancy plan and you have a good chance of coming up with a something that can work, if you trade it properly and have worked on 'your' psychology.

--- 帖子 #1751 ---
Thanks for your long story....

If you have a plan then trading is not gambling....right?

Do u believe that? Again....Do u really believe that?

To distinguish what is certainty...what is uncertain...

For E.X,

Your father is a CEO and people want to bribe him.

So they send someone to buy your house with a down payment of 10% value of the house.

Next week they cancel the deal and you get 10% money of your house.

This is called certainty, 100% winning solution, 0% risk to be failed.

--- 帖子 #1752 ---
oh dear.....

--- 帖子 #1753 ---
Hi Parviz, sorry for late reply but i saw that salamanda replied to you in a very honest and truthful way and pretty much answered your question... i did post a slight insight into how i trade when i first posted here, but also mentioned that it would not be right for me to do so on a forum which is all to do with WW.

Without giving too much of my fish away  i choose GBPJPY as it is known as the beast, simply put, when it moves in a direction it can do 400+pips while other correlated pairs will struggle doing 180+ pips or less... SL and TP are purely envisaged from Daily and weekly charts as these TF go more in line to my manual approach in trading. Anything lower id prefer to use an EA as it would make my eyes blinker LOL

Salamanda stated and i quote: Discretionary PA trading is an art / skill that is acquired over a very very long time and I would imagine that most (not all) people that follow this thread should not be advised to start trading in this way. In order to do it successfully and consistently one has to understand risk, reward AND probability of a successful trade outcome. Everyone can set a stop and a profit target (risk and reward) but relatively few traders understand the probability aspect ( ie the critical variable that determines whether they will have a mathematical edge or not).

Hit the nail on the HEAD!!!

--- 帖子 #1754 ---
Thanks.....

--- 帖子 #1755 ---
Could u pls. post some charts so that we can discuss your method...

--- 帖子 #1756 ---
Here are my charts... not much to see, i am not one for trend lines, Oscillators and all that... PA is king and a MACD in regards to finding extremes in the market.

Fibs i use as a zone area in order to watch PA but thats it. The major facotr for me is FAILURE SWINGS and identifying a trend and trying to find out where you are within a trend.

--- 帖子 #1757 ---
got it, thanks!

CWW is powerful, but sometimes I'm blinded....lol

missed again...

--- 帖子 #1758 ---
missed 2 trades in one day............

focus focus focus!!!!!!!!!!!

--- 帖子 #1759 ---
Thank you for introducing this concept. I was using a similar concept before but this one feels better to me. I have been testing it out on various pairs. It seems to work quite nicely once you start to ignore the price manipulations and look at the wave without the fluctuations.

--- 帖子 #1760 ---
sorry i can't get you....

There is no sell opportunity on G/U.

--- 帖子 #1761 ---
The entry was made before. For buy not sell from point D. The rest of the trade lines you see are just scalps I was doing at that time on shorter time frame.

--- 帖子 #1762 ---
EUR/CAD DAILY CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1763 ---
Hi Expo,

thanks for the Daily Wave on Eurcad. I've noticed there is a H4 Wave also on Eurcad that will have a C4 of 1.47260 will this override the Daily wave? Could

I trouble you for the Indi that makes it possible to switch between pairs? The wave indi takes a lot out of my M/C if I have too many pairs open.

Thanks for this great thread.

--- 帖子 #1764 ---
Hi:

At this point of time, both CWW are pointing to the bullish trend, so it can be a kind of confirmation for the next move...

I believe you may enter long , with best RR ratio (SL would be just below the complex correction area), Break even at 38.2% of the CD line Fib and aim to take profit at 61.8% of it or trial stop from there....(base  on lower H4 time Frame)

--- 帖子 #1765 ---
Hi Rostaus.

A few points to note.

1) In my opinion, the higher time frame takes precedence over the smaller time frame.

2) The wave you posted isn't valid as price moves above point C. If you change the extdepth setting to 12 you get a valid CWW on the 4H. I've posted it below. It has already broken far below the AB=CD point. I would say it was mainly due to the short term fundamentals being very positive for the Canadian dollar. For example, the rate hike on July 12th coupled with strong oil prices for the week. Another reason why the bigger time frame should be considered. The technical analysis tends to absorb the short fundamental moves.

3) I tend to avoid these types of waves. Barely convergent with little to no real sweet zone. Its closer to channel trading
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here is the symbol changer indicator:  Attached File(s)   Symbol changer - limited 1.1.ex4

15 KB
|
450 downloads

--- 帖子 #1766 ---
Not the prettiest of waves but I would think that 7850 would be a tough nut to crack

AUD/USD DAILY CWW - point D just short of the weekly 38.2FIB
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1767 ---
A Perfect Signal!

--- 帖子 #1768 ---
no fear no greedy....stick to the rule, whatever win or lose , all trades are same.

--- 帖子 #1769 ---
starting today on demo...lets see where it takes us...very interresting indeed

--- 帖子 #1770 ---
Hi Expo, thanks for the advice on the H4, most useful and the indi is much appreciated.

--- 帖子 #1771 ---
what a beautiful butterfly!

more coming...

--- 帖子 #1772 ---
I did not notice what expo pointed out , you are using an old version of the indicator, in newer versions, if price pass c4 ,it would not show potential cww ,and consider it as failure.

--- 帖子 #1773 ---
Why i always miss winning trades???...

--- 帖子 #1774 ---
This is ridiculous, it can not move that fast when i'm still sleeping.......

--- 帖子 #1775 ---
Ahh the idiot/naive people that believe there is a such a pattern as a wolfe wave that will bring profits in the long run. There is no secret pattern in forex such as elliot wave, gann, harmonics, and wolfe waves. Especially such a basic 1,2,3,4,5 wolfe wave pattern. You are trying to find relativity in something where relativity does not exist (markets). On top of that you are using something that is stationary when trying to quantify something that is non-stationary.

Two words - "order flow" - that's all that matters.

--- 帖子 #1776 ---
sooner or later i will prove you are wrong about this...

--- 帖子 #1777 ---
You intend to prove me wrong, but that will never happen. Show me even a 5 year backtest on h1 with at least 300 trades using wolfe waves. Call me pessimistic or a "downer" it doesn't matter. I speak from experience.

Think logically here for a second. Wolfe waves are not new, they are not proprietary, not a secret, incredibly basic, and most people that are even remotely involved in trading know about them. So, if they do work and consistently make money why doesn't everyone in the world use them and make money?

Do you think banks or hedge funds are sitting back at there desks looking for wolfe wave patterns? The answer is "no". So why are you?

You are not a trader, you are someone looking at getting into trading as seen from you profile - "things to do today, visit forex factory, read amazing strategy, and make a billion dollars" You are simply looking to copy someone else illogical work.

--- 帖子 #1778 ---
lead follow or get out of the way.

What do u know about bank trader/hedge funds? sounds like you were working there before?

And what do mean"copy someone else illogical work"? If you think this method is illogical, tell me which method here is logical. I god damX sure you will find NONE on this forum.

If someone is already in the winning pool, there is no reason for them to come back and tell you how.

--- 帖子 #1779 ---
I am starting to think you may be right. WW's work perfectly when back-tested but not so great in predicting future moves.

--- 帖子 #1780 ---
hey everybody!

I´m new here ann have a question?

Is this a good entry?

--- 帖子 #1781 ---
You are removed from this thread. You should spend more time working on your own trading strategy and less time trolling threads. Usually those that troll threads are just frustrated with their own trading impotence.

Enough said.

--- 帖子 #1782 ---
it is a perfect CWW, but you can not trade until the bid rate come out...

Trading higher TF can minimize the influence of the NEWS, except bid rate/NFP.

--- 帖子 #1783 ---
new signals

--- 帖子 #1784 ---
sorry you can not trade this one due to
Attached Image

seems i have found a clue to deal with NEWS.

If NEWS will be released within 24 bars in the future, all signal will be delayed until news came out. (not apply to D1)

--- 帖子 #1785 ---
floating loss even reached -850 pips...

Now end up only losing -18.9 pips...

Attached Image

This trade should not be taken due to AUD JPY both have Cash rate released in this week.

And i learned from that so i did not take EUR Sell signal on H4 yesterday.

Although CWW has a lot of issues, I still believe if we joint our hands together we can accomplish anything.

This is the first time that Chinese player won an international prize. cheers!

And I'm going to worship him at the event in Shanghai on Aug19th.

--- 帖子 #1786 ---
Hi Expo33, i'm a newbie in your thread and thank you for sharing your system. I will try to use it

--- 帖子 #1787 ---
You're welcome and best of luck in trading

--- 帖子 #1788 ---
WTI CRUDE OIL 4H CWW - textbook symmetry
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1789 ---
Close of play Friday.

As you can see, I don't like my charts too cluttered and colour etc. options on indi are great for cleaning it up if required.

Blue horizontal lines are previous support/resistance

Will see where price is on Sunday open.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1790 ---
Yes! It is a perfect signal which exactly matched all points and lines.

--- 帖子 #1791 ---
Hi Master,

Recently i met a problem, some successful trades wiped out by a huge spike...

Do you have any better ideas to move SL? thanks!

--- 帖子 #1792 ---
I'm not sure what trade you're talking about on this chart.

--- 帖子 #1793 ---
I think the same pattern could happen on the larger scale as well. Potentially a good trade...

k

--- 帖子 #1794 ---
Thanks for posting and best trading to you.

This scenario highlights the main reason why I like trading Wolfes waves. We don't need to know where price is going, we only need to be prepared if price gets to the general completion zone. It also highlights the versatility of "parviz1953" WW indicator.

Different zigzag settings gives two different potential scenarios. An interesting and unique situation. Bullish/bearish scenarios below. Neither scenario may play out, but if one does, I'll be ready with my scale in zone

WTI CRUDE 4H POTENTIAL BEARISH CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

WTI CRUDE 4H POTENTIAL BULLISH CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1795 ---
AUD/USD 30MIN BEARISH CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1796 ---
Banked 30 pips. On the sidelines with this pair for now until after FOMC tomorrow

--- 帖子 #1797 ---
Bearish wave near completion, getting short at the 161FIB ext

WTI CRUDE 4H BEARISH CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1798 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1799 ---
missed signals...

--- 帖子 #1800 ---
I missed many last week as I had little time for the screen

The good news: It's like metal detecting. You will find many good signals and there will be many treasures to be found.

--- 帖子 #1801 ---
AUD/USD 15MIN BEARISH CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1802 ---
remember to check the NEWS

--- 帖子 #1803 ---
AUD returned to normal, AUD/CAD is less related to NFP.

--- 帖子 #1804 ---
I am always aware of news.

Added shorts all the way up to 8040 now in the green nicely.

--- 帖子 #1805 ---
nearly missed this one...

--- 帖子 #1806 ---
System is definitely good but i keep making stupid mistakes, ruined all trades.

--- 帖子 #1807 ---
Hi, Expo33:

I've been reading this thread for some time so far and learned a lot. Just wanna say a big 'thank you' to you and everyone that's contributed to make it what it is today!

But I do have a question: when you do your pre-trade analysis (as in post#1286), where do you place your INITIAL STOPLOSS when you scale in? I can't find this being discussed anywhere in the thread (correct me if I'm wrong)? Can you talk about it a little bit?

Thank you for your time and help!

Shuo

--- 帖子 #1808 ---
Hi Shuo and thanks for posting

I am heading out the door very soon until tomorrow morning. So to give you a short answer I think the stop loss will be dependent a lot on your risk profile.

From a price action standpoint. I try and use the FIB extensions as a guide as well as previous S/R levels. It is always a work in progress. Recently, I have been studying supply/demand zones as a way to find prudent stop loss levels. I think each trader will see price action a bit differently so stop losses may be a personal style rather than a hard rule.

My main thought when placing stop losses is to make sure I give the trade enough room to breathe. I try and think where the market makers will likely be trying to blow up retail traders and then place my stop a bit farther above or below that level. If need be I just reduce my position size and use a bigger stop just to give my trade a little more breathing room without taking on anymore risk.

I hope this helps but I think it ultimately is a function of experience in finding out what works thru trial and error.

Good luck friend.

--- 帖子 #1809 ---
god bless me!

--- 帖子 #1810 ---
sometimes we have a to skip good signals like this...due to important NEWS

any ideas?

--- 帖子 #1811 ---
Hi Everyone. I would like to know how many of you are consistently making reasonable profits from using this method and or the indicator? Thank you.

--- 帖子 #1812 ---
Hi Guys

I have been reading this thread all day & it seems i found people with a similar focus. I have been studying Harmonic patterns mostly & Wolfe waves fits in quite nicely .Anything that runs of the back of Elliot wave theory appeals to me. Anyway just wanted to introduce & myself hope to participate more in the near future.

--- 帖子 #1813 ---
Welcome and thanks for posting.

I think most would agree that in many instances (not always) Wolfe waves are the end points of larger harmonic structures, just more basic and a bit easier to understand.

Look forward to your input

Cheers, -Kurt

--- 帖子 #1814 ---
I can only speak for myself.

Yes, I've been trading Wolfe waves for about a year now and it has been consistent and profitable. The indicator that "parviz" developed has made the process of finding waves much simpler. It frees up more time to sift thru many waves to find the ones that appear to have the best probability of success.

I haven't had any free time for the past few months and haven't posted much so it seems the thread is dying off a bit. Maybe that's a sign that traders aren't finding Wolfe waves very profitable. I really don't know.

Cheers and good luck

--- 帖子 #1815 ---
Still tinkering with Renko and stumbled upon a new Renko generator developed by a generous and gifted member named "tgdrela1"

This indicator is excellent in functionality and versatility. Perfect for me in testing out new ideas.

Thread, indicators, templates, and you tube video instructions here: https://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=684131

Worth checking out if you are interested in Renko trading

Here's a couple of WWs back to back with the 200FIB extension reigning supreme!

Also highlights the fact that WWs don't necessarily need to reach the full AB=CD completion price. Both WWs reverse prior to AB=CD but price in both cases has clearly broken the XB trend line and entered fully into the sweet zone.

AUD/USD BEARISH AND BULLISH CWWs - 3 PIP RENKO BRICKS
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1816 ---
Thank you for your honesty. All the best.

--- 帖子 #1817 ---
Price hits the profit target line of the first Wolfe wave which just happens to be the endpoint of a second Wolfe wave.

Coincidence? Or is it the harmonic nature of the market?

Check it out

EUR/USD BULLISH CWW FOLLOWED BY A BEARISH CWW - 3 PIP RENKO BRICKS
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1818 ---
The simplicity and beauty of Renko WWs. Smaller wave inside a bigger wave. Both ending within 2 pips from each other

GBP/CAD BULLISH CWW - 2 PIP RENKO BRICKS
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1819 ---
Short off retest of completion level

AUD/JPY BEARISH CWW - 3 PIP RENKO BRICK
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1820 ---
20 pips green, book it for half the position, let the rest run with a 20 pip trailing stop
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1821 ---
go go go

--- 帖子 #1822 ---
not too bad...hum?

--- 帖子 #1823 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1824 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1825 ---
oh no................................................

--- 帖子 #1826 ---
no surrender! only vengeance!

--- 帖子 #1827 ---
Two WWs on the DAILY completing at the same level. That's an edge. Reversal took place only 20 pips from AB=CD

GBP/USD DAILY CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1828 ---
Hi Expo33:

Is the second WW manually drawn?

I have not read all the posts yet but can one trade from the C point ?

Many thanks.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1829 ---
I think this question has come up once before.

For me, the answer would be no. WW theory is based on completed waves and the idea that price has become harmonically out of balance.

Yes, the second wave was drawn manually just to make it easier to see

--- 帖子 #1830 ---
I enjoy reading this CWW's "art of painting" thread, so colourful. Keep it up guys!

--- 帖子 #1831 ---
Hi, Expo33:

In posts #1,267 & #1,835, you mentioned 'manually drawing the waves'. I was wondering if you use any special tool to do that and put the'12345' directly on your mt4 charts after you've detected the waves and removed the indicator? Thx for your help!

Shuo

--- 帖子 #1832 ---
Hi Shuo.

Sometimes, after the WW indicator has detected a wave, I will draw two triangles using the MT4 tringle function and then delete the indicator. The WW indi uses a fair amount of CPU and slows down my computer if I have too many charts up at once with the indicator.

Other times I just just the WW manually using the MT4 trend line function, text function etc.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1833 ---
catch u!

--- 帖子 #1834 ---
Attached Image     Attached Image

--- 帖子 #1835 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image

--- 帖子 #1836 ---
missed...

--- 帖子 #1837 ---
the classic missed one

UJ M30, 150 pips potentially

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1838 ---
ger H1 12-5-2 wolfe wave

--- 帖子 #1839 ---
Hi, fantom, regarding your ‘ger H1’ trade above (post #1,844), it was a nice trade!

I just have a few questions that I hope you can somehow clarify:After reading some of your previous posts, I noticed you always had a very precise entry ‘ 5’. How did you do that? Can you talk about your thought process in entering a Wolfe wave and placing your initial stoploss? Also I saw you have a few other indicators on your chart (dots, red lines and better volume), what are they for? Anything to do with trading Wolfe wave? Sorry for so many questions and thank you for your time and help!

Shuo

--- 帖子 #1840 ---
Hi fantom

I also have thought about using Andrew's Pitchfork as tool to determine the exit, but never was really convinced. My idea was to use it inside the WW structure mainly using B(3) and C(4) to set it up. (For example: X(1) B(3) C(4) as basis). Would be interested to read about your ideas/experiences using AP.

All the best

Positino

--- 帖子 #1841 ---
Long @ 124.58 SL @ BE looking for 60 pips

USDCAD BULLISH CWW - 9 PIP BRICKS
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1842 ---
Target hit

--- 帖子 #1843 ---
you da man. subscribed to you and to the thread. starting to learn about the waves. thank you.

--- 帖子 #1844 ---
Hi Expo33, great thread with very clear and precise explanations. Good job mate.

I haven't read all of the pages here but I see that you have been applying Wolfe Waves to Renko charts and that has caught my interest as I am also a fan of Renko. I have also done a little bit of renko WW trading.

I'm curious about your thoughts regarding the benefits of renko Wolfe Waves. Are there any compared to regular time frame charts? Or do renko charts just offer a different angle with nothing better or worse than normal TF charts? Would you stick to trading renko WWs or would that mean missing too many opportunities on regular charts with not enough opportunities on the renko charts? (no need to answer these one by one, these are just a few things buzzing around in my head). I'm just curious about your opinion.

Also I would like to say that I love the work by Parviz in creading the WW Indicators - they are awesome (and free!!)

--- 帖子 #1845 ---
Taking a try at 161.8 for short

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1846 ---
Dear Expo33

I am new to this great thread, and i need your valuable help

I have just read first page,do i have to read all pages ? , is there is a summary for 93 pages ?

1- What are fibo ratios between points (1,2,3,4,5 and 6) or (x,a,b,c,d and e) ?
2- What is best indicator i have to use ?
3- Is there types of wolfe waves like up and down and sideway ?

Waiting your kind reply , thank you in advance.

--- 帖子 #1847 ---
Hi Wiz.

Thanks for the compliments. My apologies for such a late response. I've been really busy lately.

I've always been intrigued by Renko charts. They appeal to my visual senses. My Wolfe wave journey is still a work in progress so I don't have all the answers.

For me the only potential downside to Renko when using them for WW analysis is that in many instances they show symmetry when in fact there is no symmetry. For example, when leg AB takes nearly the same number of candles to complete as leg CD. Since Renko is based on price and not time, you will see perfectly symmetrical Renko WWs that really aren't symmetrical when you look at the candlestick chart.

One thing I really like is how easy it is to see previous S/R, demand and supply zones, etc.

Here's a snapshot of the same WW, candlestick style and Renko side by side just to see the visual benefit of Renko.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Anyways, thanks for dropping by. I value any input you have. As I said from the start, this is still a work in progress. Unfortunately, I over committed myself in my local community until Christmas so the thread has been dying as of late. Starting in the new year I'll have free time to try and revive this thread.

Cheers mate, stay safe and stay green

--- 帖子 #1848 ---
Hi Simba.

There isn't a summary of this thread but there's a pdf link on post #1 that has a very basic overview of WW theory.

I would suggest reading through the whole thread if you are serious about using WWs as part of your trading plan.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1849 ---
Live action.

Price approaching TP but will just manually close for 20 pips. No need to get greedy.

NZD/USD BULLISH CWW - 3 PIP RENKO BRICKS
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1850 ---
Haven't pulled the trigger on this one as I'm a but leery of trading against the dollar at the moment. Will wait until tomorrow's NFP print and maybe enter long if it disappoints.

Some bullish divergence with a TDI cross

NZD/USD 4H BULLISH CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1851 ---
Hi expo,

great work...

i trade for SR and trendline with ema and macd.

I love wolfe wave strategy,but not always find wave..

can you share this tpl file,thanks a lot...

i have a question,in this pic,though AB=CD,but AD and XB extend line not meet in the future,so i think its like a trend channel more...am i right？

--- 帖子 #1852 ---
Hello Mate and thank you.

I mislabeled point C and had two point D's. I corrected that and put up a new chart. Actually AC and XB do converge. Not by much, but they are converging and meet a long way off in the future. But you are right it is very close to a channel type trade. That is another reason I haven't taken this trade. I like there to be more convergence with a significant trend line break.

Template here:  Attached File(s)   WOLFEWAVETDI.tpl

7 KB
|
778 downloads

Basic TDI is here:  Attached File(s)   TDI Red Green.ex4

15 KB
|
732 downloads

--- 帖子 #1853 ---
Getting short here

CAD/JPY BEARISH CWW - 11 PIP RENKO BRICKS
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1854 ---
hi,expo.

great...nzdusd is up up up...

can you tell me which WW indicatior version you use and how to set input？

--- 帖子 #1855 ---
I use the 8.5 version.

I only change the inputs for visual changes to the colors I like. I just put the indicator on the chart and then check different time frames, and change the zig zag settings to fit any potential waves. Just play around with the indicator to see what works for you.

--- 帖子 #1856 ---
Great... thanks mate, definitely would try your tecnique... your indicator attached is really helpful... but how can i determine that the setup drawn by EA is not valid anymore? iam using version 9.7.2... sorry iam still newbie

--- 帖子 #1857 ---
Price surged past AB=CD to about 37 pips, but with a prudent stop loss we are now 100 pips in the green
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1858 ---
its really clear,my nzdusd tp is 0.73000,almost done.

daily chart above 200 EMA.

--- 帖子 #1859 ---
GBP/CHF 1H BEARISH CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1860 ---
is the first time i use an indicator for the wolfe waves, and i think it s great, but the problem is that all versions block the platform when i change to a small tf like 5m or 15m. Is there a solution or a smallest version of this indicator?

thank you

--- 帖子 #1861 ---
Hell acsandrei.

Welcome to Forex factory and welcome to this thread!

You can move the position of the indicator on your chart by changing the x-y values under the input tabs as shown below
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Now the chart should look like this:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1862 ---
Thank you, it still doesn' t work but it's not a problem; i will continue as i always do

I would like also to ask you if do you know any other interesting book for wolfe wave, and if you have pdf. Thank you

--- 帖子 #1863 ---
Hello there everyone!

I just recently stumbled upon Wolfe Waves and find them fascinating. Also in search of information about Wolfe Waves I came across this thread and I really like what I've read so far. A big thank you to all those who contribute to this great thread, especially to Expo33 for all his work here.

I'm already trying to find some WW. So far I stumbled across the AUDCAD daily and I think there could be a WW building up. What do you guys think about it?

In the area of the sweet zone seems to be at least some kind of area of support, if you look at the weekly chart.

I'm curious what you guys think about it.

--- 帖子 #1864 ---
What I also want to ask is, if it's still a valid WW even if it takes a long time till price hits EPA? Like in the example below. I guess a good entry would have been after the pinbar marked with the red arrow.

--- 帖子 #1865 ---
A pity I didn't see this at the right time. That would have been the right trade for today.

--- 帖子 #1866 ---
I'm currently trading USDCHF. I didn't get a good entry, but if it hits XC-extension I'm happy. So far it's doing well.

--- 帖子 #1867 ---
Possible WW just reached the sweet zone. Now I'm waiting for an entry.

Update: It didn't work out.

--- 帖子 #1868 ---
I'm currently trying my luck with trading EURJPY M10. I did see this a bit late, but as of now there is around a 1:2 RRR if EPA is reached.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

UPDATE: Just took 2/3 of the position off the table. Stop for the rest is at BE, let's see if EPA will be hit...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1869 ---
Possible WW evolving in the German DAX M30. Although I'm not sure if this is a valid one. Anyway, price already entered the sweet zone, but CD is still substantially shorter than AB so I guess it's not yet time to enter.

--- 帖子 #1870 ---
Hi Knurren.

This isn't  a Wolfe wave. For a bearish WW points B and D would need to be making higher highs

--- 帖子 #1871 ---
Hi Expo33, thanks for your response. I'm still learning to get it going with wolfe waves, so I'm happy I stumbled upon this thread and the knowledge it contains.

--- 帖子 #1872 ---
EUR/JPY 4H BEARISH CWW

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1873 ---
I agree with you, but can i ask you wich confirmation do you see?

I see also a bearish wolfe wave on nzdusd( h4)

--- 帖子 #1874 ---
Can someone confirm if this pattern forming in EURNZD M5 could potentially become a valid WW?

--- 帖子 #1875 ---
Hi Knurrem, it can't be a wolfe wave because C point has to break XA range

--- 帖子 #1876 ---
Right, didn't remember that. Thanks a lot.

--- 帖子 #1877 ---
this indicator is not working?

--- 帖子 #1878 ---
Use one of the 3 versions on post #1. They are 100x better than any other WW indicators

--- 帖子 #1879 ---
There is a more recent WW on NZD/USD 4H and it had near perfect AB=CD symmetry in regards to price and especially time
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1880 ---
The confirmation I was using for the EUR/JPY WW was actually from another system based on weekly pivots. I just didn't want to confuse anyone with stuff that hasn't been discussed here. If you are interested, the thread is here: https://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=588764

Here is my EUR/JPY chart with Davit's pivot template. Price showed multiple rejections at important pivot level and also had a decent TDI cross:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1881 ---
Sometimes it just works out perfect. Price barely even moved more than 10 pips past AB=CD and hit the target line over 200 pips

EUR/AUD 1H BEARISH CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1882 ---
Very interesting to add confirmation. There is always to learn. Thank you

The bearish wolfe wave in the eur/jpy pair was brought up by the news of boj's Kuroda. Do you think it can cancel the wolfe wave?

--- 帖子 #1883 ---
For me the wave is still completely valid and still contained within the acceptable stop loss zone. Trades need breathing room and time.

Also important to consider time frame and pair. EUR/JPY on the 4H will require a much larger stop loss than lets say the AUD/USD on a 30 minute time frame. So we will need smaller positions and more time to let the trade develop.

In addition, the BOJ policy and Kuroda's rhetoric are the same every time so no real surprise

--- 帖子 #1884 ---
Also there is still an open gap near point C. I entered the trade with a small position an put TP a bit above the point where the gap would be closed.

--- 帖子 #1885 ---
Possible WW developing on AUDCHF M5.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

UPDATE: Got invalidated.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1886 ---
AUDNZD M5. Potentially something to watch.

--- 帖子 #1887 ---
AUDCHF M5. Doesn't look perfect somehow, but seems to work so far. Let's see how it evolves.

--- 帖子 #1888 ---
You have the wave backwards again

--- 帖子 #1889 ---
Oh, you're right. I really gotta take a better look from now on.

--- 帖子 #1890 ---
little bearish ww (not so good) in h1 on eurjpy but probably can help the biggest one in h4/D1 to make the price go down

--- 帖子 #1891 ---
Dear Mr. Expo333

I would like to thank you so much for this valuable thread , really i learned so much from it, (i am sending you a great gift).Also, i would like to thank parviz1953 for his great efforts creating indicators (i am sending him a great gift). Aldo , i would like to thank jonirrenicus, i sent him a message with my account #, i hope a reply (i am sending him a great gift). and all other active professional members in this thread
I liked WWs from this thread, and i think i will be WW's fan.
Now i am reading page 89, few pages and i will finish reading whole thread.
In return, I would like to contribute and be an active member in this thread and share constructive ideas for more success and green pips

--- 帖子 #1892 ---
i just started using this on 4 hour chart,lets share our experiences.

--- 帖子 #1893 ---
For long term trades on eurcad, I raccomand to consider the bullish wolfe wave. In my opinion it's a really good one because the 5(D) point was formet by a little bearish WW that I highlighted with red lines. So take attention
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1894 ---
Hi Parviz1955

Actually i would like to thank you for your great work in creating these indicators.

I have suggestions to develop indicator ver 9.7.2, ver 8.5 and ver 9.6.1

For Complete and potential patterns,

1- There is no need for green triangle , it is better to remove it or make it by user choice to make it on or off, we want to see easy clear chart.

For "Complete patterns only - we are interested more in stability of point d and profit targets ":

1- "As I understand these fibo values are changing as price moves - and only used to match with fibos shown in "search again" in case of complete pattern - and becomes fixed once price breaks top of green traingle, ash shown in chart 3 by yellow arrow ".

For shown fibo percentage , We do not need all these fibo and in such format, we need fibos for D point only

AB/XA =

CD/BD =

BC/AB =

CD/XA =

CD/AB =

BD/XA =
(a) I suggest to replace it by (in same format below with the ability to change text size )

D/XA =

D/Main =

"Main , is fibo from z1 z2 , which represents LL or HH before point x , as shown in attached chart"

D/BC =
(b) For Search again box :

(as i understand , these values are fixed and do not vary as price vary)
I- Each Fibo must be shown in a different color and line format to be easily to easily distinguish between lines on chart
II - I Suggest to only use the following fibos only:

XA FIBO

BC FIBO

Main (Z1Z2) FIBO
III - Add take profit points :

TP1 : "Value " Horizontal line from X point

TP2 : "Value " Horizontal line from C point

TP3 : "Value " Horizontal line from A point

For "Potential patterns only - we are interested in stability of point c":
1- "As I understand these fibo values are changing as price moves, and only used to match with fibos shown in "search again" in case of complete pattern ".

For shown fibo percentage , We do not need all these fibo and in such format, we need fibos for D point only

AB/XA =

CD/BD =

BC/AB =

CD/XA =

CD/AB =

BD/XA =
(a) I suggest to replace it by (in same format below with the ability to change text size )

C/XA =

C/Main1 =

"Main , is fibo from S1 S2 " As Shown in chart 2, which represents LL or HH before point x "

C/AB =

(b) For Search again box :

(as i understand , these values are fixed and do not vary as price vary)
I- Each Fibo must be shown in a different color and line format to be easily to easily distinguish between lines on chart
II - I Suggest to only use the following fibos only:
(for Point c):

C/XA =

C/Main1 =

"Main , is fibo from S1 S2 " As Shown in chart 2, which represents LL or HH before point x "

C/AB =
(For Point D)

D/XA FIBO

D/BC FIBO

D/Main (Z1Z2) FIBO as shown in chart 1

I am ready for any clarifications

Thank you in advance.

--- 帖子 #1895 ---
This looks interesting

https://charts.mql5.com/16/245/gbpau...al-markets.png

--- 帖子 #1896 ---
Hi Parviz1953

For attached picture , there is a varying number appears besides zigzag in the circle shown

For what this number , and what does it represent ?

--- 帖子 #1897 ---
Hi cksinfo

what does this picture mean ? or what do you want to tell from the picture?

--- 帖子 #1898 ---
I think it's a good setup for 1HR GBPAUD coming in to 5th leg of Wolfe wave

--- 帖子 #1899 ---
The white number is how many pips price has moved from the last ZIGZAG High/Low

--- 帖子 #1900 ---
For the EUR/CAD Daily you posted I'm not a big fan of X just being a random location. I see traders just picking X anywhere just to fit in it for the Wolfe wave. For me point X should be distinct, either a swing Hi/Lo point or at least a minor localized Hi/Lo

If you look closely you can see that there actually was a valid classic bullish Wolfe wave that already has played out. Price rejected for a week straight at the 200FIB extension which was only 30 pips from perfect AB=CD completion. Not bad considering the impulse waves were over 500 pips each. Price then re-traced about 600 pips almost to the target line
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1901 ---
The reason i chosed that X point is that the gap in particular cases let you put it on the level of B point. But the main reason i prefer my waves is that in AB there isn't any "bump" that interrupt the down move, thing that i pretend in my waves to draw a correct XC (target) line.

Since it did not reach the target line, and there isn't any contrary wave, the wolfe waves have not been drawn correcly.

I could be wrong, i'm young so i'm willing to learn from a trader with more experience in wolfe wave than me

--- 帖子 #1902 ---
The main point I was making is that for a bullish WW point X should be at least a minor low, thus point B and D are making lower lows. For me, point X can't just be any random point in space just to start a WW

I took everything off the chart but added the fractals and there isn't even a single fractal anywhere along that impulse wave, so there is no X point for me
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1903 ---
You are probably right, there is not even ab-cd pattern

Would be possible to see some your analisys of wolfe waves that you have taken? That s because i have some gaps individuating and trading the the wolfe waves, and i think that would be inspiring for me, and help me find some more criteria for the entry

--- 帖子 #1904 ---
I think if you read thru the whole thread you will see 100s of examples

--- 帖子 #1905 ---
Getting short on oil here.

WTICrude DAILY BEARISH CCW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1906 ---
Patience and a prudent stop loss allowing the trade to breath finally paid off. TP hit @132.15 for about 180 pips
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1907 ---
Nice, but, why don't you wait for 1-4 target?

Can i ask you if you agree with this ww analisy? it has a good abcd completion inside

--- 帖子 #1908 ---
How about this potential setup: GBPUSD H1

What do you guys think about it and where would you place your entries?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1909 ---
Many times I don't target the 1-4. In this case I risked 90 pips to win 180. Yen pairs have way to much exposure to geopolitical shananigans so I tend to be conservative.

Interesting wave on EURCAD. Price is at the 161FIB extension which also correlates with Davit's S38 weekly pivot. The actual AB=CD completion price is about 30 pips lower at the 200FIB extension. Of course, full AB=CD completion isn't a requirement for a trade just a level to know. So far looks like price is holding.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1910 ---
I was also tracking this one as well. I'd be waiting for the 161FIB ext - S78 pivot level.

For me, how I enter the position depends on whether I am scaling in with multiple small positions on the way down. Kind of a dollar cost averaging scale in method. For more volatile pairs, I tend to wait and monitor price action at the resistance zone and enter after a TDI cross. As traders we each will have a different style and/or risk management profile which will determine how we decide to take a position.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1911 ---
I think that's a good area to scale in as I spotted resistance from daily chart starting at around 1,337-ish. This level also coincides with the 176,40 fibo. Possible that price breaks down to this area and is rejected to the upside within a short period of time, which I'd rate as a good sign that it will move further to the upside. I'll likely scale in with 2 positions this time I guess, depending on how it goes. Thanks for your advice.

--- 帖子 #1912 ---
I think it's more cautious in any case to wait after Yellen speech to look for gbpusd

--- 帖子 #1913 ---
Always cautious but important to be prepared with your entry levels in advance. We are still 50 pips away from AB=CD level so the speech could be the catalyst that spikes price right down into our kill zone. Sometimes I like to have 10 tiny positions a few pips apart waiting in advance.

Likely the Yellen speech will be a non event. We already heard her spiel last week.

--- 帖子 #1914 ---
Do you mean a pendenting order in the direction of the wolfe?

--- 帖子 #1915 ---
Yes, a scale in zone. For example on the GBP/USD I'd have a zone of about 30 pips where I'd have 10 tiny long positions waiting that encompass price as it heads down to the AB=CD completion level and maybe even a bit farther. I use a script that makes it easy to set up.

So it might look something like this. Once its set you can easily drag and drop the SLs and TPs if you want to change them
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1916 ---
low volatily at yellen speech, it seems to want to bounce to S61..

Eur cad completed abcd pattern in the ww ( foundamental reason)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1917 ---
Mr. Expro33, Great notes and guidance

Is there is any other conditions we have to consider when approving  point x ?

--- 帖子 #1918 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Anyone else watching AJ 1 hour? trying to get a sense of whether this one will play out or not.

--- 帖子 #1919 ---
You're welcome Simba.

I think a lot of it is a personal choice for each trader but as I said the point needs to be at least somewhat distinct form the localized price action. Maybe a fractal, minor or major swing point.

Ideally, it's nice when X is a point that is already a along an impulse wave in a trend that is established. I've had some experienced Elliot wave traders say that the WW is potentially the end point of a larger Elliot wave structure and that the WW may may be the reversal point for that trend.

--- 帖子 #1920 ---
Hi pet,

You have your wave backwards. There is no bearish WW. For a bearish WW with point X as your starting point, then point B and D would be making higher highs with D being the endpoint of the structure where price turns bearish.

There is actually a bullish WW in play here. Starting at point X, then B has made a lower low, the endpoint D would be a new lower low and the reversal point where price turns bullish.

Please see chart below

AUD/JPY
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1921 ---
Thanks Expo, thats very helpful, just trying to get mt bearings so its good to get another perspective.

--- 帖子 #1922 ---
Expo, are you expecting the D leg to complete? and if not is it still a valid WW and therefore you would still expect it to cross the take profit line? thanks in advance. Peter.

--- 帖子 #1923 ---
I never really know what to expect. I just make sure I'm prepared in advance if there is sufficient confluence around the completion zone. If I'm planning to take the trade I want to have my entry, SLs, and TPs mapped out in advance.

--- 帖子 #1924 ---
Thanks for your reply Expo, I am grateful.

--- 帖子 #1925 ---
Mr. Expro33,

I would like to think loudly with you

[1]

why we do not think of WW like Harmonic , and find out fibo between x,a,b,c and d ?

As example,

In Harmonic ,

B (from ) XA (for most harmonic patterns) range from 38.2 to 88.0 %

c (from) AB ,,,,,

D (from) BC and

D(from) XA, and so on.

Actually i am monitoring completed patterns

I think also paviz1953 can help in this issue , what is your mind ?

[2]

I suggested some improvements for indicators , what is your mind ?

--- 帖子 #1926 ---
Mr. Expo33

We have to think how to benefit more from the numbers (pips/time) written over the zigzag

Do you have an idea ?

Is there is any thread discussing this idea ?

Thank you in advance.

--- 帖子 #1927 ---
I think the indicator that "parviz" developed covers every aspect of the WW structure and is completely sufficient.

Now, the most important part of the puzzle is to filter out the bad trades using a personalized system of confluence along with keeping an eye on fundamentals/sentiment/news.

--- 帖子 #1928 ---
Bearish Wolfe on EY, will it have the force to test S38?..waiting for reversal

--- 帖子 #1929 ---
What do you think about this possibility? A correction of at least 61,8% makes sense.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1930 ---
AUDCHF H1

How about this setup? There is also divergence in the Awesome Indicator.

--- 帖子 #1931 ---
AUDNZD M5, worth a try...

--- 帖子 #1932 ---
Hi Knurrem,

Do you use same indicators here ? if yes, please kindly upload template

or it is just a handy drawing ?

--- 帖子 #1933 ---
covers every aspect of the WW structure and is completely sufficient , yes i agree with , i am aware of compactness and make indicator more easy to use , clear , readable , please read my suggestion for developments again.

Thank you in advance.

--- 帖子 #1934 ---
indi  update (much faster)

--- 帖子 #1935 ---
Hi simba, I'd gladly help you out, but as I don't use metatrader I have no template I could share. Also there are just some moving averages, RSI and the AO on my screen. I draw the trendlines, triangles and fibos manually.

--- 帖子 #1936 ---
Found this and I think it qualifies as an AWW, right? I know it's just in hindsight, but it would have worked anyway. I'm really starting to like those WW.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1937 ---
Not a valid WW because lines XB and AC are not converging.

It's right there on the first post.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1938 ---
Wirth AWW I meant anti wolfe wave and I think it qualifies as an AWW, doesn't it?

--- 帖子 #1939 ---
Yes it does but we kind of decided to forget about AWWs because it was causing to much confusion. I deleted them from the first post awhile ago.

--- 帖子 #1940 ---
Scaled in long here

AUD/USD BULLISH CWW - RENKO 7 PIP BRICKS
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1941 ---
Scaled in short here

USD/JPY BEARISH CWW - RENKO 20 PIP BRICKS
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1942 ---
Oh, my bad, sorry for that. I've only managed to read through half of the thread yet so I didn't know about dropping AWW. Thx for the info anyway.

--- 帖子 #1943 ---
No worries

--- 帖子 #1944 ---
AUDEUR H1 and M5. I wonder if this will play out like that:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Judging by the bigger picture I wonder if the CD-leg might reach the next daily resistance zone and the falling red trendline from the daily timeframe.

Attachment g

--- 帖子 #1945 ---
USDSGD H1. Another possible setup on it's way to the sweet zone.

--- 帖子 #1946 ---
i tried this set-up in demo... but don't think will close good because after a drop like this the down trend shoul have an acceleration.. will see

--- 帖子 #1947 ---
This is about to enter the sweet zone.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In the 4 hour chart there is a bearish divergence visible in the awesome indicator. This may indicate that the recent upward momentum is weakening.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1948 ---
USDCHF H1. A bit too late, but I guess there's still a possibility price might reach 141,40 fibo-level again which would be a good entry risk/reward-wise.

--- 帖子 #1949 ---
I noticed this one too as well but was prepared for entry so I missed it. Very nice symmetry

--- 帖子 #1950 ---
Dear Mr.

Thank you for sharing your knowledge with us. I analyze the AUDCAD chart, and I'm expecting the price to fall to (D), would it be a good input, I mean, Wolfe wave pattern, would it be correct?

--- 帖子 #1951 ---
A potentially good longer term trade here on NZD/JPY. Still fairly risky considering the NZD election situation in addition to any further missile tests that might come out of North Korea. However, I just can't pass up this type of confluence especially with such an attractive risk/reward.

1) A perfect Anti nen Star ( I know, traders may be rolling their eyes at these far out harmonic patterns)

2) Near perfect AB=CD completion for our WW

3) Completion level right at S68 which is the same as the Weekly S2

4) Completion level also right at the DailyS2 (not shown on chart)

5) Completion level right at 78.6FIB from overall re tracement

5) Potential 4H Divergence without confirmation

6) Completion level also at the 200FIB extension of BC (not shown on chart)

7) And of course a nice carry trade

NZD/JPY 4H CLASSIC BULLISH WW - END POINT OF AN ANTI NEN STAR
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1952 ---
A chance for around 20 pips. AUDEUR M15:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1953 ---
I was wondering if the price could break again down 2 of fibonacci (from BC) because the "sweet zone" is really sharp and the XB line became a resistence.

--- 帖子 #1954 ---
Price goes where it goes. All we can do is plan our trade and then trade our plan. Entry, SLs, and TPs determined in advance then let the trade breathe.

--- 帖子 #1955 ---
Nice bullish wolfe wave on eurusd
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

with now a bearish one in m30 with a good AB CD pattern
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1956 ---
Hi Kurt,

This is my drawing on USDJPY H4 timeframe.

Please correct me if I am wrong, Still learning! :-)

Regards,

Kenny Wong

--- 帖子 #1957 ---
The one on eurusd went hight too much...

on euraud formed a perfect one. Right on target

--- 帖子 #1958 ---
Hi Kenny.

This is not a valid WW because Point B needs to be making a higher high from your starting point X.

--- 帖子 #1959 ---
Thanks Kurt! So normally if I don't see any WW here, I would just wait for it to form and then proceed on drawing, yes? Been practicing on the old data today haha. Gotta love backtesting! <3

Regards

Kenny

--- 帖子 #1960 ---
Hi Kurt,

USDJPY Daily Chart

Would you say that the D leg (wave #5) is forming? Would you keep the lines there to wait for it to finish forming? Is this a valid CWW? :-)

Hopefully this is not a stupid question haha.

Regards,

Kenny

--- 帖子 #1961 ---
hi, kurt should answer but, for me the 1 point is not there

--- 帖子 #1962 ---
Thanks for replying bro, acsandrei! What is the reason point 1 is not valid? Thanks :-)

Regards

--- 帖子 #1963 ---
Hi all,

Hopefully these are valid? Been practicing for the past few days haha.

GBPUSD 5 Minute chart.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

USDJPY 1 Hour chart. (Took a BUY entry on demo)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Appreciate all who have contributed on this thread. Thanks a million. :-)

Regards,

Kenny

--- 帖子 #1964 ---
Hi Kenny.

Yes I would leave them there. Once I locate a valid WW that has started on the D leg, I then map out the completed wave by finding where the AB=CD is located. That doesn't mean that price has to reach that level to make it a valid wave, it's just a level I want to have mapped out in advance. Now I can see if that level or zone has any confluence (pivots, fib levels, S/R, supply/demand zones, etc etc). In this way I can know in advance if the completion level may offer a higher edge of reversal if price reaches full AB=CD.

Having this done in advance lets me sit back and monitor price action as the D leg moves closer to the end point. Keeping an eye on the wave structure as far as symmetry as well as keeping an eye on the fundamentals/sentiment of the moment. If D is reached I am now prepared in advance to take action. Maybe I will be scaling in as the sweet zone is penetrated down towards point D. Or, maybe I will wait to monitor price action at point D and then enter after there is some sort of reversal confirmation.

Finding the WWs should be like riding a bike or chewing gum. Once you get to that stage, then you can use your filtering tools to find the WWs that provide the best edge. It's an individual endeavor. Each trader will have a different style/method of entering a trade. In many ways it's an art form and the chart is the canvas.

I look at the forex market as a living organism that lives and breathes based on the behavior of human beings. And all human beings, to some extent, are driven by fear and greed, especially in the forex market. Just remember that retail traders are the human prey and the market makers and big players are the predators. You must stay one step ahead at all times.

Be prepared, be patience, and above all else, be prudent with your capital. Without proper risk management it won't matter what strategy you are using.

Having NO position is still a position. The worst feeling in the world is chasing trades that aren't there and being so over leveraged that you have no available capital left to enter a trade when a golden opportunity arises.

Cheers, -Kurt

Here's a very basic process I go thru. Just the first layer of thinking. This is a WW that is 1000s of pips on GBP/JPY but a wave that I will keep stored and ready for future analysis and action if it remains valid.

Potential wave found and mapped out. You can use "parviz" WW indi which finds the AB=CD level for you, or use a modified ZIGZAG indi that shows the pips for each leg, or you can just measure AB manually and put a horizontal line where point D should be. I like to do that then put 2 triangles on my chart to keep it from being cluttered with to many lines. So here it is, very basic, all mapped out.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Now I zoom out just to have a look at the bigger picture. Of course looking left we see some interesting activity. I notice the 50FIB retracment is right there at the AB=CD level. Hmmm, coincidence? Could be, but certainly interesting considering we are talking about a move of over 7000 pips!! Anyways, we make note of this and look for more confluence on smaller time frames using multiple filtering tools if/when the WW gets near point D.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1965 ---
Hi Expo33.

You may consider the following currency pair the correct model

Thank you.

--- 帖子 #1966 ---
Thank you VERY MUCH Kurt! I have learn a LOT from this post alone.

What a great teacher you are, Kurt my man. I really appreciate it. :-)

Looking forward to learn more about WW! AMAZING!!!

Regards,

Kenny

--- 帖子 #1967 ---
Although symmetry may not be perfect, but how about the C and D leg of the WW possibly forming in GBPJPY daily being a WW itself on H4?

Attachment g

--- 帖子 #1968 ---
Not a WW, you have your points backwards.

--- 帖子 #1969 ---
Yes indeed a WW on the 4H, over extended by almost 150 pips. There's a reason they call GBP/JPY The Dragon!

--- 帖子 #1970 ---
Hi there!

Thanks for the thread, very interesting. Im trying to 'backtest' your wave theory but im not sure i got the hang of it. Would you guys have a look and tell me what you think. The circle and the target zone is my take, on what would have been a take profit, so in this case, according to myself, this may be a failed trade, am I right??

Its the daily chart and the red trend line is all 'my work'.

Thanks, best of luck

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1971 ---
Hi Liquidsnake.

A couple of things:

1) The wave itself is valid but barely convergent, almost a perfect channel. I tend to stay away from these types. I like a deeper sweet zone with more convergence. The reversal point was about 200 pips beyond the AB=CD completion price.

2) I generally don't target the "target" line. It's certainly a reference point but a lot can happen on the way back down. Smaller counter waves may develop which may make me inclined to book some profits early as I tend to do anyways. But price not reaching the target line for me doesn't mean it was a failed WW

Cheers, -Kurt

--- 帖子 #1972 ---
looking to close this before cpi

--- 帖子 #1973 ---
Hi Liquidsnake. Wave G.U

--- 帖子 #1974 ---
Yen pairs can be tricky at times but thought I'd dive into this one as my first trade for the week. So far so good. Initial rejection about 5 pips short of point D, a retest and now going back up. All SLs to BE.

EUR/JPY 30MIN BULLISH CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1975 ---
You have everything backwards. I would suggest starting from post one and looking thru the pdf or any other free online resources.

--- 帖子 #1976 ---
Cashed out all positions, +57 pips from original entry. A nice start to the week

--- 帖子 #1977 ---
Hi. I have seen the same model, E.U

--- 帖子 #1978 ---
Again, this is NOT a Wolfe wave

--- 帖子 #1979 ---
I think there's a nice edge to short wti/crude oil. Bearish wolfe wave with ab cd nearly completed
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

EDIT: ther's a better one smaller with perfect AB CD pattern
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1980 ---
Really ugly wave but I can't resist the risk/reward. Previous strong S/R zone with the last line of defense 78.6FIB. Discount price to buy.

Tight SL of 20 pips trying for 80. So far price has met resistance EXACTLY at AB = CD

GBP/USD 30MIN BULLISH CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1981 ---
Looks promising, good luck!

--- 帖子 #1982 ---
bad hunting stops on gbpusd..

--- 帖子 #1983 ---
stops moved to BE..(not too much confortable with crude oil)

--- 帖子 #1984 ---
AUDEUR H4. Grey areas are weekly SR-zones.

--- 帖子 #1985 ---
honestly I do not think it could be a good wolfe wave

--- 帖子 #1986 ---
I escaped the SL hunt by about 8 pips. Set it for 30 pips when I looked closer at the Daily support level and the previous S/R. Now we are slowly grinding higher.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1987 ---
Smart move. Crude is extremely speculative and manipulated

--- 帖子 #1988 ---
Not the most beautiful wave but still a valid structure. I like the way you map out your waves making everything very clear. Great habit to follow.

Viel Glück!

--- 帖子 #1989 ---
Yeah, in fact it closed to BE.

Having good vibes for this. Nice ab cd pattern with bounce on weekly pivot.

Edit: closed before news

--- 帖子 #1990 ---
Hey all

I will do another post, just seeing if im close to what its suppose to look like.

This is AUDUSD, 1H chart.

Comments please

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1991 ---
AC and XB diverging, so it's not good

--- 帖子 #1992 ---
True, not that neat of a WW, but who knows.

Thx you for your comment, I really appreciate it. And I really feel like getting the hang of trading WW step by step thanks to reading and following this thread, especially your posts. Thanks for all the effort and patience you're putting in it.

Dankeschön!

--- 帖子 #1993 ---
Possible WW building in GBPEUR H4. It's converging only slightly and therefore the sweet zone is really small. If there's really a WW developing I could imagine the CD-leg reaching the area between 1,075x to 1,08xx testing the August 29th low. Grey areas are weekly S/R-zones.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1994 ---
One thing to keep an eye out for is WWs developing inside WWs. Note that there was another WW developing here that has point D at .9769 which is below your SL.

So far on the second wave price stopped exactly at point D which is also the 261FIB ext.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1995 ---
Sitting on the sidelines for the moment but monitoring this one. Price retesting point D at the moment.

USD/JPY 1H BEARISH CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

.

--- 帖子 #1996 ---
Short of point D but beautiful symmetry. Also, 5 of the daily and weekly PIVOT/S/R levels are identical. To me that says that price is in a harmonic mode for now.

USD/CAD 1H BULLISH CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1997 ---
The current wave forming looks promising, but there's a preceding and bigger WW that might still wanna reach its target. What do you think about that?

--- 帖子 #1998 ---
Good point my friend and certainly important to keep track of any other waves in play. However, I think that wave has played out to its potential considering how much price has been ranging since that time.

--- 帖子 #1999 ---
Right, makes sense to me. Gotta keep that in mind for future setups. For me it's still difficult to judge how much time to give a wave to complete, but I guess it always depends on many different things that influence the equation... But it's those things that keep the game interesting, right?

--- 帖子 #2000 ---
How about that: Gold monthly

First to point D where the 61,8% fibo-level of the downmove from September 2011 to December 2015 confluences with horizontal resistance. Then the D-leg down towards the 200 SMA, with a target somewhere in the area between the 61,8% and 76,8% fibo of the upmove from 680 to 1.920 USD. Would be fun if it'll play out like that, I'll keep watching it.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2001 ---
Following up on that most recent wave and it ended up being picture perfect

AUD/CAD 30MIN BULLISH CWW - COMPLETED
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2002 ---
Right!

I imagine trading for me is like when I am driving my car around town. I am defensively aggressive. If I see an opportunity where I need to pump it up a bit and get in the passing lane, I will do it. BUT, I will ALWAYS be aware of my surroundings. Always on the lookout for other drivers (news events, geopolitical events, time of day, etc) that could put me in a risky situation.

--- 帖子 #2003 ---
yep, I took it

--- 帖子 #2004 ---
Not to the target line but good enough for 60 pips. We'll take it and look for other opportunities.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2005 ---
Look, check by the rules suitable for the wave of Woolf? Any criticism is welcome! Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2006 ---
Spotted a WW in H1 GBPUSD in the sweet zone. Hope this will be a fruitful one.

Please correct me if I found the wrong WW hehe. It seems to be the pattern is harmonic as AB = CD.

What is your opinion, Kurt? Thanks for the guidance.

--- 帖子 #2007 ---
Unfortunately this is not even close to a WW in any way

--- 帖子 #2008 ---
Certainly valid with a nice rejection off of D. Good luck if your in the trade.

--- 帖子 #2009 ---
EU - H4 Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Online Chart Pattern Index - http://thepatternsite.com/chartpatterns.html

--- 帖子 #2010 ---
Something I will be monitoring next week. The Kiwi has gotten every possible type of bad press over the last few weeks. It may be a little overcooked at the moment. On the sidelines for now but will evaluate price action/sentiment next week.

NZD/USD DAILY BULLISH CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2011 ---
Thank you Kurt! Yup I am in this. Risk 1%. TP at 3%. Good R;R ratio

--- 帖子 #2012 ---
This is also on my chart. Let's see today's close.. If it close as a good bullish candlestick, I would get in Monday. But I am only looking for Engulfing bar, or a pin bar haha. What is your favorite candlestick pattern to enter, Kurt? :-)

thanks

--- 帖子 #2013 ---
Well I don't really have a favorite. Guess it depends on the context in which it appears.

--- 帖子 #2014 ---
AUDUSD daily

Not a CWW, but I consider going short when/if price comes back to at least the 141,4% fibo, preferably somewhat above it close to the 161,8% fibo.

Any thoughts on that are welcome.

--- 帖子 #2015 ---
Guess we will have to wait and see. Here's another long term potential scenario
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2016 ---
That's a possibility that came to my mind too and I can imagine it's a likely scenario, considering point "d" of the smaller possible WW (purple in my chart below) would be a pullback to the longer term ascending red dashed trendline. Interestingly contrarily to your chart I don't have the big spike on my chart where I mapped point A of the big blue WW. Anyway, this will be interesting to watch how it's going to unfold.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2017 ---
my analysis for usdchf

bearish ww with AB CD pattern and even AB=CD. Plus bounce from R38, waiting a signal from TDI
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Edit: put positions:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2018 ---
What I am seeing on 4H EURJPY. Any objections? Any experts able to weight in on corrections?
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2019 ---
Expecting this to be the start of wave three of a larger wolfe wave I spot on the weekly, expecting to hit 115.5.

--- 帖子 #2020 ---
This is not a wolfe wave. B point has to be higther than X

--- 帖子 #2021 ---
New Method...AC XC as TP1/2

--- 帖子 #2022 ---
Naked chart. Smaller WW ending about 10 pips past the larger WW. Giving short a chance here

USD/CAD 15MIN DOUBLE BEARISH CWWS

Entered another position at the second completion level
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2023 ---
Hi all,  asked Kurt about a ww on usdchf and eurnzd and how to behave if price bounce to B point, and how to manage position; and it's better to paste here the answer so probably can help many other as did to me:

"I move my SLs to BE depending on the volatility of the pair and how many pips it has moved. For a pair like EUR/NZD 9super volatile) I wouldn't likely move my stops after 15 pips in the green.

Also, I don't know how big your profit target is but If your trading 4H/DAILY on a pair like EUR/NZD then the TPs would be 200-400 pips at least so I would assume the SLs would be fairly big as well.

I tend to enter multiple positions and take profit on the first position if I make 20-30 pips. A lot though depends on the pair and the time frame.

Right now their is a bearish WW on EUR/NZD that is about 80 pips past the AB=CD level. I haven't entered because there is a lot of bullish momentum and this could possibly run another 500 pips plus upwards. Point is that the legs AB and CD are about 1700 pips each!! So its relative to how I would be setting my SLs and how I would go about booking profits."

Thank you Kurt!

--- 帖子 #2024 ---
Out at BE. Price originally dipped but then ranged and with big news coming always best to play it safe.

--- 帖子 #2025 ---
bearish ww with no ab cd pattern or ab=cd. only a good resistence and a rejection of XB line.  Unfortunately already cloded to BE

--- 帖子 #2026 ---
look for none-EUR pair to trade today

--- 帖子 #2027 ---
bid rate suicide trading

--- 帖子 #2028 ---
nzdusd near of my reversing zone of 2.4-2.618 of BC. Waiting for another down move in the support zone.

--- 帖子 #2029 ---
This is a mistake that I do too many times, which I have to correct. Fear of loosing is one of the worst defect that I have. I have planned all for this ww but i have not been able to perform it correctly. It would have been a nice TP.

--- 帖子 #2030 ---
I have been waiting on this one too. The time has officially come to catch a falling knife!

NZD/USD DAILY BULLISH CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2031 ---
standard buy 2 signals

--- 帖子 #2032 ---
Closed 80% of position in eurgbp , the spike is too big, and the fundamentals are against
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In NzdUsd my order has been performed by the spikes some hours ago, and it gave me a good entry point.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2033 ---
Well done.

NZD/USD 4H we got a bullish outside candle followed a higher close on the next candle. Maybe we can get some momentum heading into the weekend. The US dollar has been very strong across the board all week.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2034 ---
At least you recognize the issue is fear. Is it possible your position size is too big?

In looking at the pivots and other confluence for that trade, the SL only needed to be about 20-30 pips so I'm wondering if you may be over leveraging your trades. Otherwise, there shouldn't be any fear. As Mark Douglas always pointed out, it's imperative that we trade without fear.

--- 帖子 #2035 ---
My risk for every trade is 0.5%, so I think it's not for that reason. Probably is because i'm not 100% confident with my trades, but my first goal is to be ad much objective as I can.

For example in the wolfe of NzdUsd i'm now worried about the GDP news of USD. But i think the solution is to let the trade go as it goes

--- 帖子 #2036 ---
How about this one on the Weekly for WTI? XA to BC symmetry is not quite perfect, but AB CD are within a few pips of each other, and I know my broker doesn't close out the weekly chart until Monday 2AM my time...so thinking that big bullish candle could easily turn into a big bearish wick. Thoughts?? Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2037 ---
Hi bladerogers, I have doubt this will work out as I don't really like point X. If i switch to a weekly timeframe, your point X is no significant high anymore. Furthermore I'm watching an AWW (I know we don't post them anymore, but it's unfolding neatly so far) on the weekly timeframe going it's way to the targetline for weeks. I marked the bigger wave in my chart pink and yours blue:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I won't say that there's no possibility that your wave could work, but for me it's countertrend and if it works out I doubt it has big potential.

I hope that was helpful and I'm curious how other people see this.

--- 帖子 #2038 ---
E/A..1h chart

if breaking the channel... 1.485x may be the target.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2039 ---
Again WTI. Another Classical WW on the daily appears fine to me. I would not enter below the S/R level at 54.75 however. Take Profit probably already around the Friday close (54.19). Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2040 ---
it is a pity to miss a  signal like this....

--- 帖子 #2041 ---
USD/CAD 30MIN BULLISH CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2042 ---
yes yes

--- 帖子 #2043 ---
more...

--- 帖子 #2044 ---
nzdusd XB and AC nearly divergence, don't like this one.

also we are in a bigger bullish ww
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Your ww on eurjpy has no defined wave, don't like ww with no harmony

--- 帖子 #2045 ---
Not forex, but maybe some of you are interested anyway.

There is a possible CWW forming in the weekly chart of JNUG, which is a tripple leveraged ETF on junior gold miners.

Take a look for yourself:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2046 ---
Picked up +20 pips on half the position but the rest got stopped out at BE.

--- 帖子 #2047 ---
it's probably time to secure nzdusd: NFP news in 15 hours. All forecasts are positive for the USD so, even if the news are always uncertain, it's better to be prepared

"Nonfarm payroll day has crept up again, due at 1230 GMTFor October Bloomberg consensus expected is +313K, prior -33k for the headline U/e expected 4.2%, prior 4.2% Average hourly earnigns expected 0.2% m/m, 2.7% y/y (priors 0.5% & 2.9%) Snippet from Goldman Sachs' preview of the data:

GS estimate nonfarm payrolls +340k in October, above consensus of +310k and the 3-month average pace of +91kOur forecast reflects solid underlying job growth and a sharp rebound in employment in hurricane-affected areas, as we estimate flooding and power outages reduced the level of September payrolls by approximately 180k. Unemployment rate forecast is 4.2%
For average hourly earningsincrease 0.2% m/m 2.7% y/y "

--- 帖子 #2048 ---
good point! WW not very clear on E/J...so the PA is not that strong when reaches D.

--- 帖子 #2049 ---
USD/CAD timeout...

--- 帖子 #2050 ---
Micro positions in this ww
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

missed this one for the NFP but it would have been ok
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2051 ---
this is how WW works....suddenly reversed at XC line

--- 帖子 #2052 ---
today i found...

--- 帖子 #2053 ---
Excellent.

I have a favor to ask you. Could you clean your charts from all that annoying moving averages when you take screen shots?

Only because 1) I think them don't work at all with WWs 2) It's difficult to read your charts.

it's just a tip

--- 帖子 #2054 ---
EUR/CHF bullish ww h1

--- 帖子 #2055 ---
AUD USD possibile bearish ww

--- 帖子 #2056 ---
Just so you know, there's also a bigger, bearisch WW running its course in EURCHF H4. It might interfere with the smaller bullish one.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2057 ---
Yes, you'r right. I know it but, the reasons because I took this ww are 1) the bigger one hasn't completed my standards for a ww

2) i see a another possibile bearish ww and if the bullish ww go to target, that shoul forme 4-5 leg

look at the chart..but it might very well be wrong

--- 帖子 #2058 ---
I can see your point. Hard to say which one is more probable... Good luck with whichever wave you choose to ride.

--- 帖子 #2059 ---
Hi EXPO33, I must say so far you are the best as i was reading this post from the beginning so far i have completed page 50. I can't say that how much importance I am giving to this post as this made my life easier and surely i traded well and profitable so far however the one I am posting, please suggest me something about it initially it was in the Green Zone i.e, the Sweet Zone however it goes or crosses it and moved up to 241.0 Fib Level, so my question is, if it still is valid for the CWW or not. Reply would be appreciated. And let me tell you this thing, this is the first time i am writing about my trade to someone as this thread makes me realize that nothing is impossible believe it or not. Once again thanks for keeping this thread alive and keep it up.

Cheers.

--- 帖子 #2060 ---
ok, MAs are not needed.

--- 帖子 #2061 ---
after some tests, the biggest problem for WW trading is:

You can not focus on low spread currencies cause the signal appears everywhere.

Forex is a zero-sum game, if you trading sth with high spreads, you are working for your brokers.

--- 帖子 #2062 ---
In my broker there are pairs with very variable spreads ( at 23 p.m sometimes in some currencies arrive to 20-30 pips, so i have to remove it momentarily)

But i enter on any ww with my setup that i see; and i'm positive to think that in a random order the targets will be in a higher percentage than the SLs.

Second factor in my favor is the risk/reward, that is better than 1:1, sometimes cold reach even 1:5 or higher depending on your entry and your risk.

I see Forex a bit like this picture
Attached Image

So have to think in probabilities

--- 帖子 #2063 ---
EUR CAD bullish WW completed

--- 帖子 #2064 ---
Hi Kurt, need your help here..

Never been in a situation like this one, so I need an advice from someone much experienced than me

On audjpy, there are 2 different settings for 2 bullish WWs.

The first is smaller
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The second is in higher TF
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

What should be done? if the smaller ww will complete..should it be taken or better to wait if the bigger will complete?

Thank you

--- 帖子 #2065 ---
only EURUSD  USDJPY  can remain low spreads (<1pip including commissions) at any broker.

WW count on "successful reversal", if it not happens the risk:reward is quite low.

--- 帖子 #2066 ---
Hi,

I didnt see any valid WW on H1, but on H4 we have one.

--- 帖子 #2067 ---
I don't agree with you. in that screen shot you did very late entry. You have to plan you trade first, then, when confirmed, take just the wolfe.

I have minimum a R/R of 1:2, if not, i don't enter.

Look for example at the big WW on NU
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I decided to exit because I was already in positive with a R/R: 1:4 and that wasn't even my first target (but decided to exit for the end of the week and other factors)

It depend on your entry; better entry can make the difference

--- 帖子 #2068 ---
There was, but wasn't with good settings for me

--- 帖子 #2069 ---
Hi Everyone,

Anyone please suggest if the current CWW is the perfect one to get into the trade or not as I am still learning this. Suggestion will be appreciated.

Is it still a valid CWW or not as it changes from Red Candlesticks to While I mean to say after Crude Inventory Report there was a good upward movement.

Cheers @@@

--- 帖子 #2070 ---
I am not a specialist in Wolf Waves, but I am quite sure that the use of Envelopes can help you in classifying Harmonic Patterns in patterns of the same order , degree, nature

--- 帖子 #2071 ---
Hi, what type of indicator is Envelope?

--- 帖子 #2072 ---
I built one in traderView

--- 帖子 #2073 ---
TP hit

--- 帖子 #2074 ---
set up found

--- 帖子 #2075 ---
EURZAR H4 double bearish CWW ready to enter.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2076 ---
Never traded that pair, but i will give it a look

--- 帖子 #2077 ---
I seen no settings in the last days, what do you think?

There was only a bearish ww on NZDUSD but i didn't take it for the bigger bullish one

--- 帖子 #2078 ---
Harmonic Patterns

--- 帖子 #2079 ---
EURCHF bearish ww

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2080 ---
bullish ww  audjpy h4/d1

--- 帖子 #2081 ---
Bullish ww AU

I changed the tools for finding the entry level, adding Gann fans and Andrew's pitchfork

This is my analysis for AU

--- 帖子 #2082 ---
Hi, acsandrei:

can you talk about how you use Gann fans and Andrew's pitchfork to find entry level as I'm curious about this topic as well? Thx for your help!

shuo

--- 帖子 #2083 ---
EURCHF H4, still possible to enter.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2084 ---
Hi, i've read all the WW thread from the beginning, and seen some different tools for filtering waves..two of them were GGann fans and Andrew pitchfork:I down't use them to decide if to enter or not, but to find the correct moment/zone to enter on the Wolfe and to know where to put the Sl. The Gann fans have to be placed at 45° / 315° depending on the trend

--- 帖子 #2085 ---
Hey Wolfe Wavers!!

Whether one celebrates Thanksgiving or not we all can find something to be thankful about. So I just wanted to say thank you to all of the posters here that have kept this thread alive. I have been extremely busy and haven't had much screen time lately.

Just to comment on the Gann fans and/or Pitchforks. As I stated in post one, this is a group effort that hopefully inspires traders to consider new and productive ways to filter out their potential trades. There's no right or wrong way. If your filters give you an edge and you use proper risk management then you will be a successful trader. Recently I have been testing/studying Fibonacci pivots (daily, weekly, monthly). I have found them to be a pretty powerful tool when coupled divergence (especially hidden divergence, i'e. trading with the trend)

Again thanks to all of the posters and please stay safe if you are travelling, especially in the US as Thanksgiving weekend is here along with the mindless insanity that we call the black Friday shopping event.

Building shorts here up to 7635. I think the Aussie may be exhausted in the short term. However, I wouldn't be surprised to see a low liquidity push north to wash out any weak shorts up to the 7635 area. I would think that level might be hard to break so my bias is still short.

AUD/USD BEARISH CLASSIC WW

--- 帖子 #2086 ---
Hello all,

So i got back into trading on Wednesday of all days. Used to trade everyday years ago. So I gift my charts set up and figured out..( unfortunately there is no more accucharts).. and started my old routine.

Well Friday morning rolled around and I saw what I used to call a wolfpack..( trade within a trade within a trade. Wwwwww) on the Eur/Jpy. My personal favorite to trade. Caught a great bullish rip for a for huge gain till just before market close. Forgot how much I missed this.

So I figured I would get on a forum and see if anyone traded like me nowadays and sure enough here you all are. Back then nobody really knew the virtues of proper fib usage let alone what a WW was. This thread is fantastic. Best trading thread I have ever read.

Just thought I would pop in and give credit where it is most certainly due. I read every page. will follow this for sure.

It's great to be back in the game again.

--- 帖子 #2087 ---
Wellcome back.

--- 帖子 #2088 ---
If someone wanna trade Gold: WW Gold H1

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2089 ---
Target hit beautifully. Cashed out most of the position, left a bit for possible further downmove cause the big picture would suggest a final bloodbath phase in Gold, before it possibly continues its bulltrend. A really nice WW.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2090 ---
I like how you expand your target area instead of horizontal line for tp. Way more forgiving, way better for positive account balance.

Awesome

--- 帖子 #2091 ---
Thank you.

In this case I did that because I couldn't be sure which point really is point C as price hit the AC-line twice. As price was getting to the target line I took a good gain off the table, which was good, as I also saw a smaller bullish WW forming in M5. I'm not trading it cause it's a countertrend move in my opinion, but I took it as a sign that it's time to get out.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2092 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Can i I just check, am I looking at a wolf wave correctly? appreciate your help here. Thanks.

--- 帖子 #2093 ---
Unfortunately this is not a WW. I would suggest you read post one of this thread as it explains everything necessary you need to know about Wolfe Waves.

--- 帖子 #2094 ---
Thanks, I will.

--- 帖子 #2095 ---
why not just point out what you see as flaws instead of telling him to read the first post? Aren't we here to help each other understand these things? Far as I can tell that IS in fact a wolfe wave. Not perfect, but a wolfe wave none-the-less, and that's based on my own knowledge obtained from Bill Wolfe's writings. granted, a continuation pattern rather then reversal, but looks good to me and I have damn near the same pattern on my own usdjpy chart that I am trading sells on lower time frame signals now.

--- 帖子 #2096 ---
It's not a valid WW as points A and B are both below point X. Point X has to be between A and B pricewise.

I referred to post #1 because I consider it necessary for a beginner to understand what is elaborated there fully. Also I thought helping him most by suggesting to read post#1.

--- 帖子 #2097 ---
I agree, but I do suspect most that visit this thread find value because they have read at least the first post. Thanks for elaborating knurrem. Interesting, that is not something that is made clear in the wolfe wave pdf. thanks!

--- 帖子 #2098 ---
If you refer to the Wolfe Wave Book linked in the first post I have to contradict as it's in the rule set on pages 6 and 7.

[image]Screenshot2.png;2582941[/image]

But as post 1 explains the rules and everything else to take in consideration when trading Wolfe Waves much easier and more concise in my opinion, I'd prefer to go by post 1 rather than by the book linked there. Especially for beginners. But that's just my two cents. I hope that was helpful anyway...

--- 帖子 #2099 ---
The bearish WW in Gold hit the lower target line too. It's really interesting to observe how price got rejected when it hit the first target line, bounced back only to get down to the second target line thereafter, where it got rejected again.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2100 ---
EURUSD daily.

Another really nice WW that already hit it's target. This wave could have given neat gains, unfortunately I haven't seen it at the right time.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2101 ---
EURCHF H1

Possible WW forming.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2102 ---
FTSE100 H1

Potential WW forming, still plenty of time to get in. No need to hurry in my opinion as it surely will need time to bottom.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2103 ---
Building a short position here up to 1.54

EUR/CAD 4H BEARISH CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2104 ---
There are actually two bearish WW. Take a look at it, what do you think? I think this could be a great trade.

I just took one position and set a sell order to 1.54680.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2105 ---
Perfect setup.

I shorting this at 1.5458

Bearish WW with fibo confirm pullback.

--- 帖子 #2106 ---
Absolutely it was helpful Knurrem, thank you for your feedback/input. It's very easy to forget/overlook some of these things, so I for one very much appreciate when flaws are explained. Right now I am seeing wolfe waves (or at least I think I am) forming across a number of EUR and also AUD and NZD pairs on higher time frames (daily/weekly). I'll post some charts and ask for feedback/opinions on them. Thanks!

--- 帖子 #2107 ---
Thoughts/input?
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2108 ---
Well, I won't say it's impossible that this will have success as in FX everything is possible at any time. But first of all I don't really like the position of point X as it represents no significant high/low. True there is divergence perceivable in the AO too, but all in all I don't like the symmetry of this wave. My best guess is, that price will likely reach the red area where the 50% fibo level sits around. I personally wouldn't trade this wave and I wouldn't recommend it either. The probability of success just isn't high enough for me.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2109 ---
Awesome, thanks knurrem. I wouldn't take the trade until I see some confirmation via RSI on the 4 hour time frame, and lower lows and highs on the 15-30 minute. I'm keeping an eye on these pairs, and also EUR pairs. It looks to me like EUR might be taking a big dump soon across a number of pairs (EUR/AUD is another)

--- 帖子 #2110 ---
Agree with Knurrem about point X not being ideal.

However, there is actually a WW on the 4H (not that beautiful) that has just reached AB=CD to the pip! Not shown on the chart but it also coincides with the 161FIB ext. Pivot resistance, especially the monthly R1 may be significant. Could be a nice risk reward here. Maybe a very small position with 100 pip SL trying for 300-500 pips. Set and forget. GBP has a lot of momentum but may be a bit overcooked.

GBP/NZD 4H BEARISH CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2111 ---
Already dropped 150 pips. A dream scenario. Move SL to BE and enjoy the potential ride down the mountain.

--- 帖子 #2112 ---
so is that eurcad

--- 帖子 #2113 ---
That worked out really well. As I had only one position I already cashed out after that massive hourly candle. Thx Kurt for sharing that excellent WW.

--- 帖子 #2114 ---
Possible WW DAX30 H4

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2115 ---
Possible WW FTSE100 H1

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2116 ---
what do you guys think off gbp/usd? big bearish coming ?

--- 帖子 #2117 ---
Actually I was quoting from my GBP/NZD post which dropped 300 pips. EUR/CAD also dropped 300 pips!

The EUR/CAD chart looks so beautiful now
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2118 ---
Not WW related but I have already built a short position for GBP/USD based on weekly supply zone with TPs at previous daily S/R levels (yellow lines). Price pierced nicely into the supply zone and has receded since.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2119 ---
The wisest traders are on this thread. Hopefully i will be able to post my charts and share with you as you all have done. I spent a year working on trend lines to correlate with WW. When I can post charts, I want to share with you what I have learned as you have done for me.

Best thread ever expo33

--- 帖子 #2120 ---
Welcome Bogwan. Looking forward to seeing your charts

Cheers.

--- 帖子 #2121 ---
little WW(it couldntspotted by indi)

--- 帖子 #2122 ---
Two weeks without a post. Ouch.

EUR/GBP 1HOUR BEARISH CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2123 ---
Great call. I was in on that too. Broke quick asking with many others but not all were affected.

I'd like to be a member and post but didn't want to ruin your thread with numbers and words without the visuals. Perhaps if I post more that will happen.

Still waiting for gu to come crashing. Thought it was was but decided to double top since October. 4hr

Still a great thread...

--- 帖子 #2124 ---
Thank you. Post what ever you want. All ideas and thoughts are welcome.

--- 帖子 #2125 ---
So far so good, all SLs moved to BE +.

At the moment, major confluence of pivot support at 8850, would like to see a break lower to TP area. Might have to bank one position later tonight depending on price action.

Testing out a new profit target strategy. Kind of a conservative "fan" area, not necessarily all the way to the theoretical TP line.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2126 ---
My initial line was struck at .8833 This is similar if not exact to the EUR/CAD. Where the minor wave hits perfectly but the larger wave tends to take forever. If at all. Are you still short on GBP/USD?

--- 帖子 #2127 ---
Your TP lines are like a Gann Fib retracement support thing. Very cool. I like to scale in and out as well.

--- 帖子 #2128 ---
I caught a small wave on EUR/CAD from 1.5080 to1.5134 earlier then rebought at 1.5068 in hopes of the repaint of the gap left say news this morning. Then i guess the London whipsaw until tomorrows news to drop it down to a repaint of the other gap left say sub 1.500. Ultimately hit both 423.6 fib, close the gap, and hit the major WW on 4hr chart at 1.4967 minimum.

Of course that's just a theory. Ha.

--- 帖子 #2129 ---
I booked about 120 pips on the GBP/USD on average but have closed all positions. End of the year soon so not holding much in the way of long term trades. Time to balance the books and prepare for 2018

--- 帖子 #2130 ---
EURCHF H4 bearish CWW ready to enter.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2131 ---
EURJPY h4 and a perfect wave!

--- 帖子 #2132 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2133 ---
Wolfe wave trading requires patience and conviction. Forex 101 says don't try to pick tops and bottoms. In essence, that's exactly what we are doing, at least on a localized basis. We aren't trying to predict some major shift in sentiment. We are only trying to capitalize on a temporary/localized market imbalance.

Example here. Why try and step in front of a speeding train. Well, for me, because the risk/reward is much more attractive. This is an aggressive entry. Many traders would rather wait for price action confirmation before entering, and that's fine and a good habit to get into. However, on smaller time frames, you may need a bigger SL, thus decreasing your risk reward. For bigger TFs, waiting for PA confirmation doesn't cut into your risk/reward as we would be looking for much larger moves anyways.

This may seem like playing with fire. I like fire, but I'm also a Pisces so I LOVE water and know when to douse the flames if the situation gets out of control

GBP/USD 30MIN BEARISH CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

A look at the 5MIN chart shows a classic retest. That's a good sign. Hopefully momentum will die off and price will retreat.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2134 ---
EURCHF H1 - littered with WWs

I'm trying to trade the big blue one.

The small current pinkt WW would be a proper entry as I see it.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2135 ---
Hello Joni,  this indicator is not showing on my chart.

--- 帖子 #2136 ---
Looking to hold this for the long term. Waited to enter on this one even though it was a bit over extended. Got a decent entry zone now.

AUD/JPY 4H BEARISH CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2137 ---
Stopped out at BE, re-entered 134.25 area. Small TFs. like to move SLs to BE fast if the initial bounce occurs.

--- 帖子 #2138 ---
AUD/CHF 4H BEARISH

--- 帖子 #2139 ---
Nice symmetry!

--- 帖子 #2140 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2141 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2142 ---
Made a few pips on the re-entry but stopped out at BE on remaining positions. Moving on to the next opportunity.

--- 帖子 #2143 ---
Been waiting patiently on this one for a while. Just pulled the trigger!

It can be seen on the 4H but I am using Renko for this chart

AUD/USD BEARISH CWW - RENKO 7 PIP BRICKS
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here's the 4H chart squeezed so you can see the previous S/R with the 78.6 "line in the sand" Fibo. Am hoping for 200 pips and am willing to hold for several weeks if necessary.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2144 ---
Scaled in and waiting.

USD/CAD BULLISH CWW - RENKO 10 PIP BRICKS
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2145 ---
USD/CAD longs are being filled now.

I rarely trade oil as it's such a manipulated market but it looks like WTI CRUDE may be exhausted. Daily divergence and many times the third divergent "hump" is better than the second "hump". Hopefully it will sell off heading into the new year. That would really help the USD/CAD long trade.

WTI CRUDE DAILY BEARISH CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2146 ---
EURUSD H1 bearisch CWW

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2147 ---
Hey mate I'm just curious where you get the fibo levels after the 161? I've never seen those levels used anywhere.

--- 帖子 #2148 ---
Well, I was searching for fixed levels for my entries and SL which I could use for steeper WWs too. Levels 113, 127.2 and 141.4 I got from this thread, which means from you.

Then I just thought I just add 100 to each of em and got levels 213, 227.2 and 241.4.

As for the levels in between I already got the 161.8 level, which is commonly used.

Then I went like this:

161.8 - 141.4 = 20.4

213 - 20.4 = 192.6

Then I finally added the 178.6 level cause it's kinda in the middle between 161.8 and 192.6 and because the 78.6 level is also a quite common fibo level, to which I just added 100.

I guess it's kinda odd, but I'm using those levels for a while now and it works quite well for me.

--- 帖子 #2149 ---
As long as it works that's good but they really have nothing to with the Fibonacci sequence and/or how the levels are derived. I was just curious because I never noticed them before until now.

--- 帖子 #2150 ---
Yeah, not really fibonacci canon, right? I just wanted some levels to use as something to hold on and it works for me more often as not.

Mabe I should call it the "Knurrem sequence".

--- 帖子 #2151 ---
I just looked up "Knurrem" on Wikipedia and it says, "famous Austrian forex trader that discovered a new mystical Fibonacci sequence"

--- 帖子 #2152 ---
Crazy how quickly Wikipedia gathers new things these days.

"Mystical", LOL that's the best part of it.

--- 帖子 #2153 ---
EURUSD daily - bearisch WW entered the sweet zone today

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2154 ---
The EURUSD has reversed its direction inside the sweet zone for now. Let's see how far it will drop initially and if yesterdays high will hold as a resistance if tested again. If it holds and price really keeps descending after some up and down jigsawing I can imagine this pair to probably reach the 38% fibo maybe in March. At this point the target of the WW would coincide with the 38% fibo and weekly resistance. Let's see...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2155 ---
EURUSD getting interesting now. Does the high from two days ago hold or not?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2156 ---
Although there was another higher high yesterday, it does look good today.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2157 ---
NZD/USD DAILY BEARISH CWW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2158 ---
EURUSD is starting to break down.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2159 ---
Indeed. I see the 4H TL has been broken. Monthly pivot down at 1.1913 area.

Looks good so far, nice trade.

--- 帖子 #2160 ---
Thanks Kurt, I'm glad I got into this at a good level. Let's see how it evolves.

--- 帖子 #2161 ---
Well it came within one pip of the monthly pivot
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2162 ---
Thanks for the pointer. I decided to take profit on the two positions with the worst entry. The other positions have got a really decent entry level. I plan to keep them until the target line if price doesn't tell me otherwise.

--- 帖子 #2163 ---
FTSE100 H1 bearish WW

Not the most beautiful WW, but still tradeable imo.

Upward momentum already weakened and there are divergences in the AO.

May be that price doesn't even reach the sweet zone.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2164 ---
Trying to install this indicator has completely froze my MT4 and it will not let me even open MT4 now

--- 帖子 #2165 ---
EURUSD daily

Pullback to the XB-line. In my opinion a good spot to enter the bearish WW.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2166 ---
Unfortunately it didn't work out as planned. Stopped out at 1,211.

--- 帖子 #2167 ---
Mr. Expro33

What is the best provider, script, expert or broker that gives best renko charts ?

Waiting your reply, thank you in advance.

--- 帖子 #2168 ---
Hi, can anyone recommend/attach a good Wolfe Wave indicator for MT5?  Also , if anyone has a good and reliable support/resistance (supply/demand) indicator for MT5, can you share it? Thank you for your time and help!

--- 帖子 #2169 ---
EURUSD, currently

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Mini wave inside the Major

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2170 ---
EURSGD H1 possible bullish CWW

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2171 ---
DJI H1 possible bearish CWW

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2172 ---
eurusd weekly

--- 帖子 #2173 ---
Just trying to learn Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

1 is there or there about

4 is the key

---------------

i quite like this,until 4 there is nothing to trade

so i will update if and when 4 is in

--- 帖子 #2174 ---
EURJPY H4 CWW Bearish pattern
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2175 ---
Looks good.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2176 ---
One of my trades from today on Dax. Thought you guys might like it. Wish I waited for the target line to be hit but hindsight is a wonderful thing

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2177 ---
Bullish Wolfe Wave on the H8 NZDCAD. I suppose if you check H1 and H8 constantly, then you have all TimeFrames covered from H1 to MN1.

How close should the B point be to the XD line, 20 pips in this case.

--- 帖子 #2178 ---
hey guys, nice thread..

how does it work for you the system by now ??

also, this version parvizCWW v9.7.2.ex4 is not working on the mt4, what is the solution?

thx

--- 帖子 #2179 ---
Bullish Wolfe Wave on the H1 AUDJPY

--- 帖子 #2180 ---
Bullish Wolfe Wave on the H1 EURJPY (confluence with AUDJPY in post 2185, lets see if it holds)

--- 帖子 #2181 ---
Bullish Wolfe Wave on the H1 CHFJPY (as well confluence on JPY pairs).

--- 帖子 #2182 ---
Contradicting perfect bearish shark on the USDJPY H8, for JPY pairs

--- 帖子 #2183 ---
Hey Kurt,

Recently joined and found this thread to be very interesting.  Thank you very much for starting this topic and providing all the information along with everyone else who have consistently supported.

I'm curious to know, since starting this thread, if you are still mainly trading Wolfe Waves (I think I read 80% of your trades are WWs) and whether this system is still consistently profitable for you?

Also once someone is trading this consistently, what would the expected percentage of winning trades vs loosing trades?

Thanks,

Tim

--- 帖子 #2184 ---
Wolfe wave on EURUSD on weekly Chart which resulted in more than 400 pips for about a month Attached Image (click to enlarge)

. There is also AUDJPY AS i AM TYING THIS. hAPPY TRADING I have also recently joined this awesome thread

--- 帖子 #2185 ---
Thanks for the great article. I have been using this method for quite a while now (nearly 2 months to be honest).

I have never taken time to thank you for sharing it. Now it is finally the time for me to show my gratitude.

Thanks a lot!

--- 帖子 #2186 ---
You’re welcome friend. I just tried to add my own twist to the work that was already done.

--- 帖子 #2187 ---
Hi,,expo33, it's really nice to hear from you on this thread again. Just curious: will you be so kind sharing your 'twist' here in this thread? Thank you!

Shuo

--- 帖子 #2188 ---
The "twist" is the thread.

--- 帖子 #2189 ---
Wow, hard to believe this really completed 100%. Amazing trade  I used Wolfe waves long time ago but still I love them more than Elliot waves.

--- 帖子 #2190 ---
Hi everyone

First of all, I have to thank Expo33 for sharing the wonderful Wolfe Waves theory.

I'm going to share some of my findings in order to break the silence of this useful thread. As I'm new to Wolfe Waves, the following charts may contain errors, so please send your comments to improve.

First, lets take a look at the past chart of EURCAD: with 3 clear WWs on the daily chart, we had a chance of catching more than 2500 pips during 1 year.

--- 帖子 #2191 ---
Second chart,

A great opportunity for going long on GBPUSD, I guess it's going to complete the other half way.

2nd attachment shows a probable shark pattern as another evidence.

--- 帖子 #2192 ---
Third Chart belongs to USDCAD.

Daily chart shows a WW (attachment 1)

In closer look, we can recognize a well shaped WW on 4H (attachment 2)

Cypher pattern on Daily? (attachment 3)

--- 帖子 #2193 ---
Hi Kurt,

first of all, I would like to congratulate you for your Wolfe Waves trading model!

I kindly would ask you some questions about the correct interpretation of the ParvizCWW v9.7.2 I recently installed on MT4.

What are the best ratios to be pointed out (see the attached file - yellow circle in the upper right) in case of a "perfect" Wolfe Waves pattern, apart from the ideal CD/AB=100%?

And what do (see in the lower left of the attached file) the ExtDepth (3,6,12,20,30,50) and ExtDeviation values represent?

In your opinion, which kind of Wolfe patterns are more effective in terms of ExtDepth?

Many thanks and all the best!

Regards

Massimo

--- 帖子 #2194 ---
Hi Kurt,

I add also the following warning: the indicator ParvizCWW v9.7.2 often blocks the MT4 functioning, as soon as I try to install it, and, as a consequence, I must close the platform.

Could you provide me any suggestion in order to solve this big problem?

Anybody else got the same trouble?

Many thanks!

Best regards

Massimo

--- 帖子 #2195 ---
Hi Kurt,

I would like to point out you that the "parvizCWW v9.7.2.ex4" Indicator, uploaded Jun 7, 2017, blocks the MT4 functioning: it really doesn't work out on MT4!

Please, could you suggest me some solution? Or any indicator updates were recently posted?

It would be a shame, because it is an excellent indicator!

Many thanks!

Regards

Massimo

--- 帖子 #2196 ---
Hi Parviz1953,

two days ago I posted the same message for Expo33 (Kurt), but I didn't get any feedback, so I am repeating my request.

I would like to point out you that the "parvizCWW v9.7.2.ex4" Indicator, uploaded Jun 7, 2017, blocks the MT4 functioning: it really doesn't work out on MT4!

Please, could you suggest me some solution? Or any indicator updates were recently posted?

It would be a shame, because it is an excellent indicator!

Many thanks!

Regards

Massimo

--- 帖子 #2197 ---
Hi mates!

please, could someone kindly answer to my above questions or have I to consider this nice Wolfe thread closed?

Many thanks!

Best regards

Massimo

--- 帖子 #2198 ---
Since many days you are asking ... I had to create account for answering you.

Indicators are working fine ... you should try on other computer or other mt4 installation,

and read first post ten times so that you understand before downloading,

and remember its sometimes very slow with some pairs where you need to wait one or two minutes,

--- 帖子 #2199 ---
did It worked?

I hope expo and parviz1953 make update for this beautiful indicator template,

They are genius.

--- 帖子 #2200 ---
EURAUD H4

Friday I saw potential wave going down towards D,

Today Monday market opens and it disappeared but wave followed fibo level nicely.

--- 帖子 #2201 ---
Hi Sincere007,

thank you for your post: I haven't been in this thread for weeks because I thought it were closed.

About the indicator, I consider it malfunctioning if it sometimes needs some minutes (even 4-5) of waiting.

I also unistalled and reinstalled MT4 in order to solve the problem, but without relevant results.

However, now I know it, but you are right: Expo and Parviz1953 should update this excellent indicator template.

Regarding your last post, which TDI indicator are you using?

Many thanks again and I hope you are able to read this post quite soon ...

All right, talk to you later.

Kind regards

--- 帖子 #2202 ---
Bullish WW H1 Dow/S&P/Russel-2k

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2203 ---
Hi Knurrem,

I saw your interesting WW scenario: in addition to pivot points, do you use also some trading divergence in order to filter these patterns? If so, to which indicators do you resort to identify such divergences?

Many thanks!

All the best

--- 帖子 #2204 ---
Hi mama

No, I don't use any other indicators. I also do not look for divergences, I just watch the charts regularly and if you train your eye for a while you will start to just "see" those WW.

--- 帖子 #2205 ---
Hi Knurrem,

thank you for your replay.

Let's try to keep this interesting WW thread running!

All the best!

--- 帖子 #2206 ---
HI

"parvizCWW v9.7.2.ex4" is a auto trading EA?

--- 帖子 #2207 ---
Hi paroucia,

I use parzizCWW v9.7.2.ex4, but it is not an auto-trading EA: it's an indicator to be installed on MT4, following the usual procedures.

--- 帖子 #2208 ---
Bullish WW Dax daily.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2209 ---
hi, alkemi (or anyone who has taken Bill Wolfe's course):

Without revealing the course contents, can you tell me whether the course is really that different from what has been taught in this thread? Is it really worth the fee? Thanks in advance!

Shuo

--- 帖子 #2210 ---
In my opinion WW are just part of a checklist of qualifiers taught by the Ross Beck in his "Geometric Trading Method" course he offered, I took it....Excellent course. The Beck's Emblem is the first qualifier and there are about six others to qualify if you have a trade or not.

--- 帖子 #2211 ---
Update:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2212 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2213 ---
Bear-WW S&P H1.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2214 ---
Hey there, good morning (or evening) to all, I was absent for long time, not having time for forum. I remember a bit of you reading the lasts pages (hope you remember me too ). I will be active from now, trading only WWs with implementation of market movers technic that I used this year. I will trade only H4 D1.

Hope this thread is not dead because it worth a lot!!

--- 帖子 #2215 ---
CAD JPY BEARISH WW h4
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

My first trade, I put a sell stop on red horizontal line at 82.380; manipulation level on the tops on 82.50 and fib levels confluence.

If It will continue up breakings tops, i will wait for another manipulation level

--- 帖子 #2216 ---
Did you draw the pattern manually or using an indicator

If using an indicator from where did you get please?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #2217 ---
Hi Merka, I use parviz cww 9.7.2 to identify rapidly WW's, but then if I like the WW, I draw it manually on an empty chart, to analize it.

--- 帖子 #2218 ---
AUD CAD D1 BULLISH WW
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I see this ww sliding into a "small" area of FIB levels, still not an entry for me as I prefer to wait my system, but the WW is valid

--- 帖子 #2219 ---
Put SL to BE and let it go. ( Hope you paid attention to the news of CAD today)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Target met
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2220 ---
My positions right now:

BULLISH WW AUDCAD D1 + H4
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Don't mind tp/target on chart, it is set casually. (As I said, I was waiting for my manipulation signal, that formed yesterday evening)

2nd position:
BULLISH WW NZDCAD D1
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Nearly same as the first

LAST WW I TOOK SINCE MONDAY (ALREADY CLOSED NOW) WAS GBPAUD H4 BULLISH: In my opinion was a perfect formation.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2221 ---
WW BULLISH GBPUSD D1/H4
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Another opportunity with a new WW on GU

--- 帖子 #2222 ---
Closed GU to BE.

AC and NC good in profit

--- 帖子 #2223 ---
GU re-entered BULLISH WW D1/H4
Reached 2nd zone FIB and done manipulation
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2224 ---
BULLISH WW  CADJPY D1+ H4

D1
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

H4
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2225 ---
Near ready to close NZDCAD and AUDCAD, good R:R for me

--- 帖子 #2226 ---
Target met on the h4 ww on CJ... a good 170 pips run with 30 pips risk. Closed with profit
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

On GU bullish ww, SL moved to BE

--- 帖子 #2227 ---
Can you teach beginners how they can start finding these waves ... how they start and what they look for,

give some important notes how we look at chart and find waves.

thanks

--- 帖子 #2228 ---
Hi,

Where to get that scanner, shown below your chart?

Regards,

Jagadish

--- 帖子 #2229 ---
HI,

Sir BILL WOLF have given a lot of importance to well structured WAVE 4.

Pls throw some light on this aspect.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #2230 ---
Is this thread still alive.

Just dicovered WWs and looks like a tool i can use.

How about this one, looks spot on to me, is it valid?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2231 ---
@Parviz1955

i just joined that site of forexfactory and i have been reading till page 54 and realy realy u have done alot of work ,,, i just want to send u a very big thanks to what u have done and just make it easy 1000000000% to wolf wave traders , and just thnx im sure its not enough for you.

--- 帖子 #2232 ---
Looks good, did you make money with it?

--- 帖子 #2233 ---
Possible Wolfe wave forming in USDCHF.

--- 帖子 #2234 ---
Beautiful old highs-new lows in oil M1.

--- 帖子 #2235 ---
Lots of support encountered near .909, but it seems it gave way to the possible Wolfe wave forming. Seems the screenshot I was looking for went missing so here is a new one.

--- 帖子 #2236 ---
Alright, I don´t see why hope is thrown in with all those nasty emotions. I´m hoping.

--- 帖子 #2237 ---
Still hoping.

--- 帖子 #2238 ---
Oh well, those of you who were there on the 1-3-5 when it happened, may the pips be green to you. For me, my email provider upgraded the TLS and I was locked out of IMAP. Luckily he re-allowed TLS 1.1, but here I am. You people remember when you started, that saying of first visualise your money burning, then transfer it to your trading account? If that thing lets go of its grip on 0.911, that's possibly me. The trail stop EA didn't work, maybe I should request demo account again to try it out, it works in the tester. Yesterday I was hoping, today I'm wishing.

--- 帖子 #2239 ---
What a day.

--- 帖子 #2240 ---
Well this is about as close to a hammer as I´m going to get.

--- 帖子 #2241 ---
Yes it´s a Wolfe wave thread but we don´t have to forget our candlesticks.

--- 帖子 #2242 ---
It´s a pennant because it has a flagpole. Wolfe wave old 3 becomes new 1.

--- 帖子 #2243 ---
Please do read the Wolfe wave book linked to in the first post. The position would have been long, but remember the 2-4 and 1-3 should converge, so you would have been trading a megaphone, not a Wolfe wave.

--- 帖子 #2244 ---
Lots of resistance at .909 to 0.911. Who are we fighting? Skynet? I guess I might be back then, some time or another.

--- 帖子 #2245 ---
Hi Dirk!

You're replying to a post that is three years old. There's not much action in this thread these days but since you made a new attempt maybe we can change that.

--- 帖子 #2246 ---
Hey look! Life. It´s Friday today. Is your real name Friday? Just kidding :-)

I looked for something that has Wolfe in it. I didn't read the whole thread, when market is closed I'm reading the Wolfe wave book in the first post again.

Only later did I see the OP actually did reply to that post a page or what later.

Beautiful indicator you have there. I see some bugly indicators being used to draw lots of triangles on this thread. They're bugly because they're beautifully ugly. They're using Gartley detectors to detect Wolfe Waves, but I guess that's alright because a Gartley is a Wolfe wave with a sweet zone.

Some wouldn't mind me putting a Fib retracement on the chart but my charts already look like a Gann cloud.

Here I'm sitting in an Alf Nose. It's an Alf Nose because it eats cats. You see that red candle at the tip of its nostril? That's not a drip, that's I stuck in a bull trap.

--- 帖子 #2247 ---
The name's Ingo but pandiras is fine with me. Isn't that why we had to pick a nickname for?

I know the feeling of being trapped, it suxx, lol. My challenge is still to perfect the timing of the entry. Don't let yourself get tempted to hunt tops and bottoms because you will get dragged in way too early. Always. Patience pays off.

Here's GBPYPY on a daily and a quick thought about it. Not quite convinced if that will work out, but certainly it should move south a while.

What indicator do you mean? That color stochastics? It has more of an alibi function, sometimes I just want additional confirmation at a glance.

Have a nice weekend.

--- 帖子 #2248 ---
AUDCAD H4 - worked out perfectly

--- 帖子 #2249 ---
Thanks. Yes the Stoch looks nice but what do you use to draw your lines? Do you draw them by hand?

--- 帖子 #2250 ---
How did you know to trade the AUDCAD? Do you go through them all with your eyes one by one?

--- 帖子 #2251 ---
Yes, sir.

You'll get trained to see with a little exercise. Just do it, doesn't take that much time. I tried a bunch of indicators but wasn't satisfied. You gotta trust in the skills and knowledge of somebody you most probably don't even know if you rely yourself on indicators.

But everything you need is already out there. As I said I use even the stoch just to confirm that the sweetspot supposedly is in extreme condition, that's it.

Mainly I use the bar-chart for the candlesticks distract from seeing the real pattern. Sometimes I switch even to line-chart to see what's really going on. You can draw Wolfe Waves on the line chart and they will work (although they look completely different if you switch the chart back to bars or candlesticks then), but they do work.

To me it seems it's all kind of dynamic anyways. Adjustable. And sometimes definitely needs some adjustment. Meaning sometimes it is not the highest high or lowest low points on the chart that needs to be connected (always close-by but not always top/bottom itself , just watch and check open/close also). Every now and then there may be a weird spike through one of the lines that still is not connected to the WW.

What are you using for the drawings? And how do you find them WWs?

--- 帖子 #2252 ---
Yeah, one by one. But I gotta admit that of course, every now and then some slip through my fingers. Lol.

Some are easy to find, others are not. I got my own theories about that meanwhile. Haha.

--- 帖子 #2253 ---
Also by hand; the two brains better than a human brain is a blue whale brain and an elephant brain. The only computer better than a human brain is a quantum computer and they are expensive. I also find Wolfe waves by looking. Currently in my individual position I'm with a marketmaker named CM Trading; their spread is wide but I don't want to shake the chicken sty now. The only instruments with positive swap on long with CMTrading is USDJPY and USDCHF; the only instruments with positive swap on short with CMTrading is EURZAR and USDZAR, but they're so widespread that I'm not likely to trade them. I guess the spread is positive in the direction that the instrument provider wants you to trade; so Switzerland wants you to trade in such a direction that their currency doesn't become too strong too fast, etc. Now with the Dollar fright everybody jumps into the Swiss, so the USDCHF wants to short. However, you said something about patience.

--- 帖子 #2254 ---
Stop. Hammer time. Although possibly not easy to see in the Gann cloud.

Now to smuggle my account past NFP on Friday.

--- 帖子 #2255 ---
Seems I survived the double bottom for now.

Another brain better than a human brain is that of a giant squid and it seems JSE also has positive swap on short on CMTrading; JSE's not 24/5 so anything longer than H1 looks choppy. I could maybe one day experiment JSE intraday.

--- 帖子 #2256 ---
GBPJPY daily - slightly adjusted, looking even more promising

--- 帖子 #2257 ---
I currently trade on a 2007 MacBookPro. Apple doesn´t have Bootcamp drivers for 64bit Win7 and the only legal Win7 that I could buy from a retailer was 64bit. This means on the BootCamp side here´s a little SP/Diff laser light shining out of the side of the desktop replacement, which might or might not become slightly irritating as time passes. My mail is on the Mac side. Today I was calling SARS; they´re not a virus but they´re the South African revenue service. Wine on the Mac side doesn´t work perfectly either; Crossover was better but not that much better, so I didn´t buy CrossOver. Opening the Hugo´s Way demo on the Mac side in Wine I saw the sell stop was taken on the server, so I put in a trailing stop; the TS was taken out nearly immediately. Here in ZA we have a government quirk called load shedding, which should in my opinion be called bad planning, but either way it means the power is off and my MBP is going to go off in a few minutes; it´s already giving low battery alarm. I´m probably going to be away for a week or two.

--- 帖子 #2258 ---
Hello everyone. I found a good Wave on GBPUSD H1. Do you think GBPUSD will go up?
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2259 ---
Found a Wave formation on three pairs.

--- 帖子 #2260 ---
Hi Vetal007!

Seen it but now. Nice catch (that actually worked out perfectly) even though it is not a classical Wolfe Wave since the trendlines (as drawn) are not convergent but even divergent. Also point 5 would not reach the sweet spot

You could have used line charts instead of candles and it would indeed show convergent lines - or, in my opinion even a better solution, is to adjust your point 1 to the next option to the left (see attachment). Anyhow, congratz on finding that one. Awesome.. I gotta admit I missed the train

Btw I joined your telegram channel but unfortunately it's just in Russian language without an option to reply.

--- 帖子 #2261 ---
Hi pandiras. Thank you for your answer and advice on using line charts instead of candles. Line charts are really better suited for Waves. As for the telegram channel, I will write to you in private messages, and you will be able to express your ideas/suggestions/comments about my publications in the channel

--- 帖子 #2262 ---
Hi guys,

Maybe a stupid question ...

When we say AB=CD,

AB (or CD) : is it price difference between A and B only

or is it physically distance between A an B (considering difference price and difference time) ?

It's not clear in my mind LOL

--- 帖子 #2263 ---
I might not be answering your question directly but imo it's the gradient. The AB=CD is a pattern that fits in with 12=34 in Wolfe waves, so the OP brought it in.

--- 帖子 #2264 ---
lets see its worth... only if it hits the TP

--- 帖子 #2265 ---
gold

H4

target still open
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
...I am out right now

--- 帖子 #2266 ---
gold

M1

I am in
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2267 ---
Please can you share RSI indicator (with high and low dots)?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #2268 ---
it broke thru... I guess it works sometimes

--- 帖子 #2269 ---
my "synthetic oil" pairs

xtiusd & ukoil

M15 charts.., I am in
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2270 ---
crude oil

same pattern

M15
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2271 ---
gold

wolfe wave on H4 chart..,possible target 1708 and lower

watching for now.., because expecting a little bit higher price to arrive (?)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2272 ---
Hi guys! I don't know is this thread is still active. I started trading a Wolfe Wave only strategy on intraday (5mn) timeframe and to be honest, i'm mostly looking for confirmations that this works! I trust in it but literally didn't saw anyone who made sustainable profit from it, so I came here, hoping I would find in this thread someone who did it to prove me that I'm following the right path

--- 帖子 #2273 ---
Do you will cover spread loss with M5 ??

--- 帖子 #2274 ---
Perhaps we can resurrect this thread... here is a recent WW WTI chart on a 1H time frame

WW can be very valuable but the skill is identifying them

S

--- 帖子 #2275 ---
Approaching a top IMHO

S.

--- 帖子 #2276 ---
Hi All. I've used Wolfe waves on and off in the past but have recently been looking at turning points at the 1.113 & 1.272 Fib levels and at the other end .113 & .272 levels. I've found that very often price will turn and/or stop and reverse again at the level at the other end. I've put a Fib across the last Wolfe Wave on GBUSD M30 chart as an example:-
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I ran the fib from WW point 2 to WW point 3. As you can see, point 5 showed very strong up volume just above fib .113 and reversed, again with very strong volume, at 1.272

I hope someone finds this useful. I've found that those fib levels are often at turning points.

Thanks.

Mike
Attached File(s)   wolf-waves-scanner.ex4

35 KB
|
26 downloads


===== 附件下载链接 =====

Wolfe-Wave-book (1) (3).pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2212319?d=1488545905
ADR_v2 (3).ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2212362?d=1488547010
TDI-RT-Clone.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2212364?d=1488547044
TMS_Angleator_pureTDI (1).ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2212367?d=1488547078
NewsCal-v107.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2220474?d=1489036732
parvizCWW v8.5.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2306262?d=1494567336
parvizCWW v9.7.2.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2343968?d=1496837150
parvizCWW v9.6.1.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2306268?d=1494567415
PZ_WolfeWaves.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2213518?d=1488629234
WW 6-3-17.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2215355?d=1488795337
1) PVSRA Trade Levels (Black).ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2217075?d=1488878441
3) PVSRA News Panel (Black).ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2217076?d=1488878449
The TDI indicator - overview and settings.fxdaytrader.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2220335?d=1489018218
WW 9-3-17EJH4.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2221040?d=1489055543
Pivot_Voty.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2229964?d=1489568126
Attachment g: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2230622
parvizWolfWave.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2235645?d=1489858951
parvizWolfWave v1.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2235675?d=1489865245
parvizWolfWave.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2236564?d=1489985194
parvizWolfWave.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2237838?d=1490036588
parvizWolfWave v3.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2239877?d=1490135214
+N Wave EA(test1).ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2240561?d=1490175161
Synergy_APB.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2241960?d=1490235389
+N Wave EA(test1).ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2241977?d=1490236380
parvizclassicWW.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2245060?d=1490386668
parvizclassicWW_v1.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2245404?d=1490449328
parvizclassicWW v2.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2245574?d=1490475316
parvizclassicWW v3.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2245629?d=1490483731
54_Search_patterns.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2247021?d=1490618619
PZ_WolfeWaves.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2253900?d=1491059886
parvizclassic&predictWWv2.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2254601?d=1491158261
parvizclassic&predictWWv3.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2254893?d=1491192711
parvizCWW v4.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2257183?d=1491326767
parvizCWW v5.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2258940?d=1491447304
parvizCWW v7.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2259877?d=1491496286
parvizCWW v7.1 .ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2260067?d=1491511770
parvizCWW v7.2.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2262352?d=1491748206
parvizCWW V7.3.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2263249?d=1491833296
Pivot_Voty.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2264776?d=1491936773
sr_zones_ver2.7.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2264778?d=1491936773
parvizCWW v7.4.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2265902?d=1492014503
parvizCWW v7.4.1.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2266217?d=1492031542
parvizCWW v7.4.2.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2267256?d=1492096074
parvizCWW v7.4.3.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2267753?d=1492146152
parvizCWW v7_4_3.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2267899?d=1492167569
parvizCWW v8.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2269240?d=1492378321
parvizCWW v8.1.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2269842?d=1492438705
ZIGZAG-VALUE.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2270326?d=1492472584
parvizCWW v8.2.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2273175?d=1492627929
WolfeWave_indicator_ver7.0.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2274069?d=1492685284
WolfWave_nen 2015.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2274165?d=1492690806
parvizCWW v8.3.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2283031?d=1493216080
parvizCWW v8.4.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2285645?d=1493330089
parvizCWW v8.5.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2287075?d=1493398072
WOLFEWAVE.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2287545?d=1493445276
Forexsignal30.1.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2294034?d=1493881693
S.S.Early  Alert_Arrows.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2295328?d=1493926511
Trendsignal version 2 indicator.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2295330?d=1493926511
!C_Universal_Strength_Meter.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2295994?d=1493969182
parvizCWW Trial ver.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2297750?d=1494113173
parvizCWW v9.5.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2298179?d=1494187347
parvizCWW v9.6.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2298391?d=1494204329
# PendingBuy + ScaleOrders v1.3 [Script].ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2298752?d=1494228055
# PendingSell + ScaleOrders v1.3 [Script].ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2298754?d=1494228059
parvizCWW v9.6.1.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2300097?d=1494285199
parvizCWW v9.5.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2301972?d=1494370068
parvizCWW v9.6.1.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2301973?d=1494370068
parvizCWW v9.6.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2301974?d=1494370068
!   MTH Renko Chart Builder Indi Ver 01 (1).ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2304533?d=1494492081
renkolivecharts_pimped_v4_13.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2304720?d=1494498560
WOLFEWAVE.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2307380?d=1494613422
parvizCWW v9.7.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2326597?d=1495724027
parvizCWW v7_4_3.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2327154?d=1495756899
parvizCWW v9.7.1.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2336641?d=1496361669
ZUP_v135_ALL.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2339508?d=1496609296
parvizCWW v9.7.2.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2343036?d=1496794287
!   MTH Renko Chart Builder Indi Ver 01 (1).ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2361524?d=1497915843
+N Wave EA(11A).ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2382396?d=1499136257
Synergy_APB.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2382404?d=1499136851
TDI_RT.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2382405?d=1499136851
parvizCWW v7_4_3.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2382423?d=1499138267
+0.CWW Simple.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2382443?d=1499138982
Magnified Market Price_TRO_MOD.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2382444?d=1499139016
ZIGZAGPIPS.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2382446?d=1499139033
BUTTONS2.0.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2382453?d=1499139111
+N Wave EA(11A).ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2382638?d=1499149867
Symbol changer - limited 1.1.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2399423?d=1500236215
WOLFEWAVETDI.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2464414?d=1504268043
TDI Red Green.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2464428?d=1504268134
parvizCWW S2.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2501596?d=1506751339
Attachment g: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2506081
Attachment g: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2518803
wolf-waves-scanner.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4909272?d=1740860251
