
BIG-E 5-method and 21/233 method post from FF


Quite honestly I love them both... but they have different purposes.
 
On the 21/233 method it is designed to make you 3 to 5 times more pips because when you see the 21 (yellow) come close to the 233 (dodge blue)... you look for it to move away from the 233 line. The 1st candle that crosses the 21 and closes is the set up candle. The second candle is the entry candle if it's the same color as #1. Enter on candle #2... as the trade progresses the candles will pull away from the 21 and then retrace back towards the 21 (stay in the original trade unless it crosses back over the 21 and if so exit the trade). When it turns back in the original direction away from the 21 & 233 you buy a 2nd lot... and continue buying every time that happens until it crosses back over the 21 headed tword the 233 and you exit all the lots. PIPS Galore 
 
Now on the 5 method... When the 1st candle crosses the 5 it's a set up candle and the 2nd one is the entry candle. Enter the trade. When it crosses back over the 5 line you exit. Simple...
 
In the 21/233 method I usually have 3-5 re-entries before I exit them all. On the 5 method there is just 1 entry and exit unless your trading more than one lot.
 
I've got 6-8 charts up at one time. On the 21/233 method I pick a chart and start on the 5 min and run thru the 4 hour looking for a trade. If no trade I look at chart #2 the same way until I've gone thru all my charts... If I can't find a trade I switch to the 5 method and do the same thing looking for a trade.
 
Remember the HA Candles average 3-8 candles per swing. So if I get in on candle #2 I know I'm normally good for profit on candles #2 & #3 anyway and normally more. The Time is important however...
 
I'm in the Pacific zone. From about 10-11am the charts die off as far as swings go. It picks back up after 7-8 pm and is best during the London session. Longer swings then.
 
I'll post a couple sample charts below for the 21/233 and 5 methods.
 
Big E

5 Method - When PA comes back to the 5ma...exit.

21/233 - If I can get 3 cycles on the trade I usually exit. See chart above. I Exit at consolidation. This method works great on all time frames. Just requires patience waiting for the proper set up.
I'll exit if the PA crosses over the 21ma... no matter if it's only 1 cycle but I've found it's usually good for 2-5 cycles.

Go back 6 months in your favorite charts and observe the trades and # of cycles. Studying the charts to learn is the best way.


Note on my charts how simple they are... yellow 21 and blue 233. I trade away from the blue & yellow lines. First candle to CLOSE over the yellow line is the set up candle. The next candle (2nd) is the entry candle (if it's the same color)... 5 pip S/L.

Check all timeframes... maybe 5 min. is no good but the 15 min might be ok... just look and always look at you tdi & stoch for alignment.

I suggest using the second line thickness for the 21 and 233 lines... and different colors on each.


I'm going to post here the 2 templates I personally use to trade:

1. 5 Method --- (Most simple strategy but works great)

Use Heiken Ashi candles
TDI Indicator set at default
Stochastics set to 8,3,3
5 ema, Shift set to 2 or 3, Typical

When PA crosses 5 ema and closes... that is the set up candle. The entry is on the 2nd candle if it's the same color. Works on all timeframes. I use 5 pip SL on the 5 minute chart. Works great short & long. Templates on pages 169, 170, 171.

2. 21/233 Method ---

Use Heiken Ashi candles
TDI Indicator set at default
Stochastics set to 8,3,3
21 ema, Shift set to 3, Typical (yellow, thicker line)
233 ema, Shift set to 5 or 8, Typical (Blue,thicker line)

I trade as PA moves away from the blue & yellow line. Example: Long Trade - When yellow line moves above blue line...and when PA breaks above the yellow line and closes above it. That is your set up candle. Enter long on the 2nd candle if it's the same color going long. Short trade is the opposite. Templates on pages 169, 170, 171.


Both systems are easy to trade. You'll get more set ups on the 5 method and more re-entries using the 21/233. There are lots of examples from the charts I've posted previously.

Questions ??? Just ask...


I don't use pending orders or hard S/L. I get out with a 5 pip loss about 25% of the time. My timing was off evidently so I re-enter when it looks right and there is more momentum.. Just my style.
 
I don't enter trades just before news .


 use the 5 pip S/L on the lower timeframes...
 
Otherwise I use a hard stop on 1 hr timeframe and up if I'm not monitoring the trade. Usually the top or bottom of the previous candle depending if I'm going short or long. Sometimes the swing hi or low depending upon the momentum of PA.
 
I prefer 1 & 4 hour charts. When the trade is up 10-15+ pips above break even... I move the S/l up to break even + the spread so if it drops I don't lose any pips.
 
I have over a 75% winning rate so on the long timeframes if I take a 50 pip loss as an example... it's no big deal... at night I'd rather sleep than watch the charts. I normally start trading at 5 am Pacific time.
 
I like trading 4 hour charts at night. With the HA Candles it normally runs 3-8 candles per trade average. So if I can enter on candle two... it's usually good by the time I get up in the morning...
(4 hours per candle... trade is candle 2 &3... 8 hours).
 
I'm usually awake every 1 -1/2 to 2 hours at night so I'll do a quick check for any possible set-ups on my 4 hour charts. I monitor 8 pairs. I'm looking for set ups on the 4 hour charts that late at night.
 
Don't trade in consolidation. The 5 method is the most simple . PA is either above or below the line for long or short trades.


When the next candle appears after the set up candle it's either red or green. If it's the same color as the set up candle... I'm usually in the trade.

Bear in mind that if the candles are small I wait to enter until candle #3 or pass on the trade. Double check tdi & stochs with your cross hair on the chart.

I'm very weary of trade set ups near the 32 & 68 on the tdi. If they are larger candles I may enter the trade... small candles is a flashing light to wait and see... reversal coming soon in most cases. Trade on the reversal is best.

STUDY OLD CHARTS... for your favorite time frame count the AVERAGE number of candles per swing. Put the odds in your favor. 99% of my trades are between Midnight Pacific time until 10 am Pacific. As far as I'm concerned the rest of the day is a waste of my time to trade.

I have 8 pairs/charts on my screen and with a quick glance I can see the set ups coming and about how many candles away they are. (5 Method).


How many candles on average do HA candles go when there is a reversal? Answer: 3-8. When PA changes direction it's usually candle #2 or #3 that is the entry candle when it crosses and closes over the 5 ema... right.

The best you can hope for is to put the odds in your favor...

Yes the entry candle can reverse on you... but how often does that happen with HA Candles? Not often. The odds are in your favor that it will continue 3-8 candles in the same color/direction. STUDY THE CHARTS IN OUR THREAD and learn... pay attention... take notes... also study how the tdi and stochs look like during good trades. Burn it into your memory.

When I first started trading years ago I was afraid, had little confidence and was ready to jump out of a trade at the first possible sign of trouble from my skill level at that time.

I bought books and paid for classes and systems and later discovered it was a waste of my time and money in most cases. How I really learned was studying old charts including the tdi & stochs. I learned by observing what had to happen on my chart,tdi,stoch to make a good trade in most cases.

Use my 5 template... pick a pair and go back 6 mo. or a year on your favorite time frame... now observe and take notes. When XXX good trade happened.. what was the tdi, stochs, chart doing at the time. Do it until present time... then pick another pair and do the same thing until you learn what to look for.

Now I'm sucessful 70-80% of the time because I know what to look for each time. In fact anymore trading is boring and it's so easy...

Look for certain times of the day in your time zone when good trades happen over and over again. For me it's 5am pacific time is best or during the London session...

I studied old charts for hours a day until it became natural to spot good trades. I traded 5 & 15 minute charts and then graduated to 1 & 4 hour charts to keep my sanity. Then I moved up to trading full lots where you could really make money to keep trading interesting and worth while.

Just keep studying and trade on Demo until your confident..


You have to study and practice until it's second nature and easy.

Pairs on my main screen I monitor.
 
e/u, g/u, e/j, u/c, a/j, a/u, e/g, u/j 

. I never re-enter on the candle I just exited on. I'll wait for the next candle and then refer to the TDI & Stochs for what its reading. If they look strong I'll usually re-enter... unless I see consolidation forming on PA.

2. After 5 candles ... again I'd refer to the tdi & stochs to make my decision.


Out of the 8 charts I monitor it IS NOT UNUSUAL to have 4-6 good trade set ups going on at the same time between the London Open and 10am Pacific time (-8). Check different timeframes too on your charts.
 
It's quick if you'll set up your charts on each time frame and put it in your PROFILES... top left on toolbar. Works great.
 
For those who don't know how to set up your chart page... as an example: Delete (X) all the charts on your screen. Now I clicked the 8 pairs I monitor and just let them stack up on the page. Now go to WINDOWS on your toolbar and click VERTICALLY. now I have all 8 charts evenly spaced on one page. I make all charts 15 minute as an example... then I go up to the profiles on the tool bar and copy it there... then I go back and change all the charts to 1 hour...go to Profiles again and copy it... and do the same on all timeframes I want to monitor, etc.
 
So when I open my MT4 platform... I just go to Profiles and click on my chosen timeframe.. I check them out... then I go to profiles again and select another timeframe. This way I can check out 30 charts in about 5 minutes looking for a trade set up.


Lets say as an example I exit a trade on candle # 5 because it's a large candle that is pulling back over 5 pips on the wick. Instead of just re-entering... I'll check out the tdi & stochs for a good angle (12-2 or 4-6 if possible) and make sure I'm not sitting on the 32 or 68 lines on the tdi. If I am... I probably won't re-enter because I know a reversal is coming soon.
 
Before entering a trade it's important to have a solid set up candle. Glance at the tdi & stochs to see that the angle up or down is sufficient so it gives you a heads up guestimate that you have momentum.  

 
What I look for if I'm on the chart to exit:

If the wick on the top candle has withdrawn 5+ pips I exit.

Is the last candle weak... no momentum to speak of... I exit

If the green line is starting to go flat or hooking over.

Lots of experience!



How can I explain this so it makes understanding it easier....

Remember first that this is not a rule or cast in concrete... it's my personal understanding of the market...

On the 5,15 & 60 minute charts when I 1st enter the trade if it drops back 5-6 pips... I figure I didn't judge my entry too well so I exit the trade so as to not take a bigger loss.... my timing was off. I'd rather take a moment to check out PA,TDI & stochs again and then re-enter when I feel it's the right timing... that's all.

I use to use a SL and let it draw back 15-25 pips hoping it would turn back to my expected direction. Some times it did and other times it didn't.

When it stopped me out I'd be pissed off. I wondered how in the world could I lose less money. Then I tried bailing out at 5-6 pip loss and re-enter again. I tried this method and found it saved me money doing it. (Hairbrain idea)

Once I started trading full lots a 15 pip loss was $150 loss. Too much for my blood.

I've had 3-4 times I made a picture of a chart showing the actual entry line, came to this thread... wrote about it and put the chart here and then went back to the chart and in that short amount of time... and it's dropped back 10 to 15 pips costing me $120 - $150 in profit. No more! Now I close the trade first, take the picture and show you where I entered and exited and post it.

Just trying to keep more of my pips earned.

Does everyone understand now?

Don't trade during news releases... it can kill you.

When trading the 5 method I only use the 5 ema... if I'm trading the 21/233 for multiple entries I only use the 21/233 lines as outlined.

I personally don't add any other m/a lines. Some do and some don't... it's your choice and what works for you. If I did use one on the 5 method I'd probably use the 21 ema. Why? Because when PA cycles... it normally cycles to the 21 line and bounces off the 21 line... if it broke thru I'd exit the trade expecting a reversal coming soon.

Only use Stochs between the 20 & 80 lines for entries or trade direction. Doing trades above the 80 or below the 20 lines will kill your account generally.

Something I need to clear up...

When I'm trading the HIGHER TIME FRAMES I do not exit if it draws back 10 pips. I only use that rule for charts 5 min.-15 minutes.

Even on higher timeframes I don't use a S/L when in front of the computer. If I'm going to bed I'm almost always in profit so I'll place the S/L at B/E + my spread... 


When I'm online trading... I look at the 4 hour and daily charts for set ups. When I find one I look at the overall trend on different time frames to make sure they are going in the direction of my intended trade, I look to see the last hi or low and how close I am to the last... I look at my sheet of news announcements and their times, I look at my TDI and stochs for alignment ...then if I'm satisfied with what I see, I enter the trade. I'll come back every 10-20 minutes and check my Terminal box for it's progress... If I'm up 20-30 pips I'll set a S/L at B/E + my spread and just keep checking back now and then until I decide to exit the trade...

I'm off and online here and there all day. First thing I do is go up to PROFILES... select the my 5 minute set and 8 charts pop up... if no trades I go to 15 minute and 8 charts pop up... if no trades I go to 1 hour in my Profiles and 8 charts pop up, 4 hr & Daily. That means I can look over 40 charts in 3 minutes or less. Do you know how to do that? You'll find trades. Follow the rules.

I normally don't trade during the Asian session because it is slow... we want momentum in our charts when we're trading if possible. Look at old charts and discover the times during the day when momentum happens over and over and look for trades during those times each day. 


I hate losses... why? Because it's my fault... I didn't read the current market correctly. I always feel like I should have known better than to enter at that particular spot and I review it... why I did it. I'm tough on myself for screwing up.
 
I trade full lots: $10 a pip. When I trade the higher time frames I will only allow a 10 pip or less pullback before exiting. I make every attempt possible to lose $100 or less when I'm wrong as I monitor the trade...
 
Sometimes I just take bites out of the market... Example: Enter a trade and it goes up 17 pips but then starts to pull back 5 pips lets say. I'll exit and keep the $120 profit and re-enter when it looks right...  


Seriously... how many pips a week would you like to earn consistantly? Are you making 25 pips total, 40, 60... what? The more trades you take on the lower time frames the more losses you'll have... Your putting the odds in the Brokers favor... Why not wait for the perfect set up on the 1 or 4h chart. I made only 2 trades last week on the 4h chart and made over 150 pips. So what if your trading mini lots... two good set ups and like me you would have made good pips... Don't be so desperate or in a hurry to get into trades... good ones come along all the time... wait until it appears, then grab it. 

Hey Guys,

I've shared the Conserative rules for the 5 ema method as well as my personal more aggressive rules. The previous training charts show the more aggressive trading.

I don't pay much attention to news when trading the 4 hr or Daily charts. On the 5 & 15m charts it can kill you however.

If I've got a strong set up on the TDI when close to the 32 or 68 lines... I'll take the trade and scalp the 4hr for 20-40 pips while monitoring the trade... I've seen it go 80-100 pips sometimes...

On the more aggressive style... I like to just trade the chart I'm on rather than dropping one timeframe for entries which is more conserative.

Remember... 80+% of the time HA Candles move 3-8 candles per swing (depending on the time of day and which session). If I'm entering on candle 1 or 2 I'm expecting some pips to fall... you should too. If you don't like HA Candles then trades the Japaneese candles. They will screw up your emotions and decisions though... Your the man/woman, it's your money... do what you want. When the bleeding stops you can come back to the HA group.... honest.


I keep telling you that the market is there for the taking. Make your daily withdrawl... don't be afraid. When your afraid you make more mistakes and bad decisions... Just slap the crap out of it and fill your wheel-barrow up with pips... 

Wow... kind of a tuff question.... big diff between 1hr & 4hr charts.

During the day time: If I'm in a 1 or 4 hr trade I monitor the trade by glancing at the active chart ever now and then... every 5 - 15 or 30 min. When I'm up 30-40 pips I usually drop in a S/L at break even + the spread and don't check back for an hour or so....

At Night: I only look at the 4hr charts. If there is a set up I'll take the trade, place a S/L at the last hi or lo and go to bed. I check it again in the morning when I get up. If I wake up during the night I'll take a peek usually... moving my S/L up to lock in profit and then check it again when I wake up.

Remember I'm expecting a 3-8 candle move. I like to enter on candle 1 or 2 of a reversal if my green has CROSSED the red on the TDI. I don't like to enter on candle 4 or more unless it's to add a second lot to the current trade... This is my aggressive style...

Practice this on a 4hr Demo trade. 









 


 



