

Brief writeup on sidus method as used by AZhotpipper

I use meta trader 4 for charting and if you get metatrader 4 I could even e-mail you my profile settings so you wouldn’t have to set up the charts.  I get metatrader 4 by opening a demo account from http://www.fxdd.com/	

First off, I got my data on the following system from the following website:
http://www.forexfactory.com/forexforum/showthread.php?t=6137&highlight=sidus  
that’s the exact forum discussion thread, but it is now about 22 pages long...  So here’s my brief summary.

What I use is a combination of 2 methods and they each have a different chart setup.  The first one is the entry method.

Entry Method: 
Set up a 5 EMA* (blue) and a 12 EMA (yellow) on a 30 minute chart.  It is optional to add an 18 and 28 EMA (both red).  Then add RSI* but change the period to 21 instead of 14.  That is your basic chart setup.
Now, before you start looking at charts, take note of the overall trends.  You can look at the 1 hr chart and zoom way out, and you can also look at the 4 hour chart to do this.  It’s better to trade with the trend.
Now look back at your 30 minute chart.  The entry conditions are this: the blue line crosses over the yellow line, and RSI is above 50% for a long trade, or below 50% for a short trade.  If you get a cross on the moving averages, wait and see if you get a cross on rsi.  When you do then enter.  (Also a cross on rsi across the 50% mark usually results in a cross of the moving averages.  So watch for that too)
If you have the red lines, or the “red tunnel” on this chart then it is additional confirmation to see it start closing up, as if the lines will cross in the way of the move.  Or for the faster red line to already be on the same side of the tunnel as the move.  (Eg. If it’s a move up, it would be good if the 18 ema was on top)
As a note, you can also get in on a bounce.  Eg blue line goes up and almost reaches the yellow, and then moves down again, you could get in short.  Although this is more risky as it seems less likely to continue down for a long move.
Also, you should exit the trade if the blue and yellow recross each other before the blue and yellow on the 1 hr chart (description following) cross the red tunnel.

Sidus Method: The setup here is similar to above, but on a 1 hour chart.  You use a 5 WMA* (yellow) and a 8 WMA (blue) along with the same red tunnel configuration (18 and 28 EMAs).  To this you add Stochastic with just the default settings.
The purpose of this setup is to confirm the larger move, and tell you how long to stay in.  When the blue and yellow lines cross the red tunnel in the direction of the move that is the first good indicator.  The second thing you want to see is the faster line on the red tunnel crossing in the direction of the move.  If these do not occur, then you get out.  Usually with 20-30 pips of profit.  If these two good indicators do occur, then you stay in.  I set my limit orders at 21, 34, and 89 pips from when the original cross on the entry chart.  Each one set to take out 1/3 of my position.
I also have an initial stop loss of between 20 and 35 depending on the currency pair, and depending on if there is support or resistance nearby.  (The GBP/USD is more volatile, so I will usually go with at 30 - 35 pip stop loss, unless there is support or resistance closer.  With USD/CHF and USD/JPY 20 or 25 pips is usually enough) Once I am up 20-30 pips I will move my remaining stops up to breakeven point.  When I am up about 50 pips I will move my remaining stop 10 or 15 pips into profit.

Technically for your exit you can use the recrossing of the fast line on the red tunnel with the slow line of the red tunnel.  (Eg if you are in long, stay in until the 18 EMA crosses back below the 28 EMA) But personally I get nervous when a trade is left in that long, so I just exit with the profit targets listed above.  

Oh, and Stochastic is just an additional indicator to have as confirmation, but won’t prevent me from getting in a trade all by itself.  But it is nice to have, because if the pair that you are in is retracing the stochastic will follow and then it will start to peak out, telling you the retracement is close to being over.  If you want more info on Stochastic or other technical indicators, a good site is www.babypips.com


All the Best,

Lerey Bishop
(AZHotPipper)



* EMA = Exponential Moving Average and is one of the options when placing a moving average on your chart.
WMA = Weighted Moving Average and is also an option when adding a moving average.
RSI = Relative Strength Index and is another indicator that you can add.