



Time Frame H1 , but it works also in the higher timeframes as well







All you need is a strong trend, a 100EMA and common sense. We only take trades in the direction of the trend!

Buy : Price is above the 100EMA, you place a buy stop order above the red candle. Stop is is under the candle. TP is 2R (R:R is about 1:2 or 1:3)






You want to set a pending order at the high of the last retracement candle and a stop loss beneath the low of the same candle on a long trade (if uptrend) 
If there are candles that form lower after that candle, then move the pending buy and stop to that new candle. As long as the 100EMA supports the upward trend 
direction. And the opposite if it was a downtrend. I.e set pending sell order below and stop loss above the high. If the 100EMA is not showing a direction 
(sideways)... Don't trade it.






Q)......How far above the high or low are you placing your entries and stops?
  
A)......Just the spread away 






You set an buystop order above the first candle. If the second red candle appear and your buy stop order is not activated, you move your buy stop lower, above the 
second bar. If the buystop order not trigerred again, since the third bar is complete, you move your order again.







i trade the Frakfurt and London session. 1 trade per day for every pair. Mostly the major pairs. Sometimes i see a good trend and setup on a daily TF, so i place 
trades on daily also.






This will work but I've found it works best if the higher time frames support the trend direction( 4hr & Daily) and then find entries on the 1hr TF. The higher the TF 
you go up to for entries the more successful your positions will be but the longer it will take to so this can suit long term traders too!






This method also works amazing to stack trades with higher TFS as trend direction confirmation (I.e 4hr & daily).







I don't trade each day, I swing trade mainly and build many positions which is why this strategy helps me as I can enter on a new HTF leg and ride the waves 
adding new positions each time.







Most important is to find pairs with current strong overall trend and trade it in the direction. I think most beginners struggle on that.







A small variation on setting the SL: if the initial bar is too small, i take a reasonable distance for the pair. Here is my SL about 20 pips (EURGBP)








usually i am waiting for a deeper retracement for a reentry (There was 6 decent size RED H1 candles in a row in a strong Down Trend so he placed his orders on the 
1st Green H1 Candle), but the down move was very straight. So jumped on this again. Waiting for 3R








Like any other system you will have loser trades too. That`s the part of the game. That is why is so important to have a good R:R management. But believe me, 
the winning trades will outperform the losers and you will be profitable in the long run.








Don't focus too much on the EMA folks ! See and analyze the price for the actual trend. EMA is just a visual tool to help
  






Yes, this is a trend following strategy. You will avoiding a range? Simple: if you see a range, don`t trade!

So many people want to be on the begining of a trend and they trying to force it. It`s just wrong. You will never know when a trend is just about to start.

Make it simple: if you see a trending pair, then stick to it. Don`t complicate. My broker offer me 100 pairs or something , one or two of them are definitely 
trending in this time. So you just need one or two to concentrate on.







For me is just safe, to be flat before NFP. I just lean back and enjoy the show







They are plenty of losing trades, of course. Loss/win rate is about 40. But your winners outweight the losers far more. Thats why is so important to have a good 
R:R management, best is 1:3.








it has to be a clear move in one direction, following with a clear retracement. Then i look for candle with the opposite color to the trend. Not special types of 
candles.







1. Always wait for the candle close. Since the candle is formed, you set up your order

2. I recommend hard stops and takeprofits. 3R is best.
  







MM is easy: 1% risking on every trade. R:R is 1:3.








Q).......How do you trading in news time with this your method ? also do you consider only the strong trend of the pair when you enter to the trade?

A)....... I only interrupt my trading during the NFP day and my own holidays. Strong trends are the essence of this method...
  

  





here is a good example of moving your pending orders. I was stopped out on the first arrow (-1R), then moved my buy stop 3 red candles further down to caught a 
better entry (+3R). https://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?p=12876064#post12876064








Folks, on such tough days i recommend not to trade at all, especially for beginners. Believe me, the markets are not running away. Tomorrow will bring new 
opportunitys. You don`t have to trade everyday.







Patience is key!!!
  






Never risk more than 1% per trade. Sometimes I will move my SL to BE when the trades going overnight.







Folks, i will share with you my results for April so far. This is not a show off, since is not empressive as hell. This is just the power of MM and RM.

That`s why is 1:3 RR is so important. Profit Trades overall (% of total) are just about 41.46%. But your account is f*cking growing. And that's all that matters! 
Imagine doing this day by day, where you will end, he?

Be consistent, believe in your self and you will succeed. https://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?p=12881779#post12881779








for me the RR 1:3 formula works best. Pairs doesn`t matter.....What ever pairs are trending best. 







ok guys, one more chart for education. This is H4 chart of EUR/AUD:

Since a strong down movement accured (yellow line) and price under 100EMA, i`ve started to look for retracements.

--> green candle 1 was formed. I put my pending sell stop order under the candle 1, SL above candle1

--> green candle 2 was formed. My pending order from candle 1 was not activated. I cancel pending order1. 
Now i put my pending order under the green candle2, SL above

--> green candle 3 was formed. My pending order from candle 2 was not activated. I cancel pending order2. 
Now i put my pending order under the green candle3, SL above

--> my pending sell order was activated on the following red candle. After two next candles my TP was hit for 1:3 RR

--> green candle 4 was formed. I put my pending sell stop order under the candle 4, SL above candle4

--> green candle 5 was formed. My pending order from candle 4 was not activated. I cancel pending order4. 
Now i put my pending order under the green candle5, SL above

--> my pending sell order was activated on the following red candle. After a bunch of candles my TP was finally hit for 1:3 RR

--> green candle 6 was formed ..................and so on.....https://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?p=12883065#post12883065








Q)........Just one question - after the sell order at candle 5 was triggered and it didn't hit tp3 you put the next pending sell order on candle 6 (compound orders) 
and wait till all open trades hit tp3? Just interesting how you manage the trades.
  
A)........yes i would open another sell trade on candle 6 and wait till all open trades hit TP3






Better results are obtained when you examine ALL of the timeframes. Looking at smaller timeframes should not mean looking for confirmation. Rather, it should be 
looking for signs that the current trend of the "control" timeframe is either 
weakening or continuing.

Also, indeed, higher time frames set a ZONE in which lower timeframes do cycling. The cycling "percolates" upward through the time frames. So, as the cycling in 
timeframes catch up to the "control" timeframe, there finally is a contest between the buyers and sellers to decide if the current trend (of the "control" timeframe) 
continues or is broken. You won't see this coming if you don't look left.






Q).......What about to move SL to breakeven to avoid loosing trades, when it will be in profit X pips when X is some ratio of SL or use some trailing? 
Any suggestion or other idea?

A).......It´s up to you, mate. Every trader is different. I rarely going to BE. Figured out that i am more successfull in the long run. You have to find 
something that suits you






I use weekly pivot levels to help exit my trades





















































































































